---
title: "How To Reduce An Existing Vba Macro Codes"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/HjoiXlWi2uc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "HjoiXlWi2uc"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["LearnexcelwithT","microsoft excel","excel"]
date: "2022-05-20T03:08:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-15T16:00:16Z"
duration: "PT13M42S"
viewcount: "732"
likeCount: "414"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "LearnexcelwithT"
---
{% raw %}Learn: The Quick &amp; easy way on How to Reduce an Existing Vba Macro Codes<br /><br />In this video, you will learn: <br />1. How To Reduce An Existing Vba Macro Codes<br />2. HOW TO RECORD VBA MACRO and macro backend decoding<br /><br />In my last video tutorial, I talked about the Structure of the VB Editor <br />In today’s video tutorial, you will How to Reduce an Existing Vba Macro Codes<br />Here I have a new workbook. And to record a macro, we would go into the Developer Tab. Within the developer tab, we have this group called Code, within code group we have this option called Record Macro. <br />So now let's record a macro that would cover the Cell A1 and I would select some of the cells somewhere far off. And what the macro needs to do is to select the cell and color the Cell. So clicking on this button which is called Record Macro, as soon as I click on this button, it opens the dialog box which asks for a Macro Name. Let me say the name would be ‘’ColorA1”.<br />Next is the “Shortcut Key”, I can give a keyboard shortcut to it, but be a bit cautious when you do it. So if you're not using a macro, Ctrl S is the shortcut key to save your workbook, but if you use this macro and give this keyboard shortcut Ctrl S to this macro, then whenever you press Ctrl S then this macro would be run and it will not save your workbook. So be a bit cautious. In this case. Let's say we want to use the keyboard shortcut Ctrl +Shift+ S, this will store the macro In This Workbook. You can also store it in a Personal Macro Workbook or a New Workbook. We will store it In This Workbook only. Now as soon as I click OK, the name is saved the keyboard shortcut is saved and now it will start tracing my actions. So as of now.I would go to the Developer tab and I wouldn't Stop Recording. You can also come here below and click on this button to stop the macro. So when I stopped the macro, the code has been recorded in the backend. <br />Now let's go back and see what this has recorded. So here I would press the Visual Basic button or you can use the keyboard shortcut Alt+F11. Here you would see that it has automatically introduced this folder which is Modules because whenever I record a macro it gets recorded in a module and this module has automatically been inserted. When I double-click on it, it shows me the code.<br /><br />Now you can see that I just did two things. I selected a cell and I gave it a background color. Why there are so many lines in the code. But this is how recording a macro works. It would have a lot of codes and a lot of lines that are redundant. So I can remove a lot of lines from here. But as of now let's keep it and let's go through this macro. <br />So the macro always starts with Sub, because this is a Subroutine or a procedure and the name of it is ColorA1. It will always end with End Sub, and between this we have the code here. Now anything which is hereafter an Apostrophe in the Green Color is the Comment, which means that, in this case, this line is not executed. It's only there for the purpose of understanding this macro. So the user has put it as a comment. So if I want, I can delete it. And if I put in some comments in the macro box, then it would have appeared here, but this is redundant. It's a good practice to put comments if you have a big code and you want other people to use it and understand it, but otherwise, you can skip this. <br />Now let's go through this code. It says Range (&quot;A1&quot;). Select which would be CellA1. So the first thing that it does is, it select A1. Then with the Selection, which means that now all these lines which follow this command will be executed. So it says with Selection. Interior, with the interior of the cell, all these things happen, such as the Pattern, Xlsolid, the PatternColorIndex, xlAutomatic, the Color, TintAndShade which is zero, and the PatternTintAndShade which is also zero. <br />Now, I have only changed the color, I really don't need these four lines. So if I delete these lines, I don't think anything should happen. But before that, let's go back to our normal Excel. And let's see if this code works. So, I am going to introduce a new worksheet here. And I would go to Macros and give it a click. It opens where my macro name is listed, i.e. ColorA1. As soon as I run it, see what happens. Let me select some other cells. Let me select this cell here. Go to Macros, then select ColorA1<br />As soon as I run it, it selects CellA1 and it gets a yellow color<br />……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….<br />Share this video: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/HjoiXlWi2uc">https://youtu.be/HjoiXlWi2uc</a><br /><br />For more simple and easy to follow How-to videos,<br /><br />Click the Link Below to subscribe:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLkpSbJ_z3jtZixM2rga7PA?view_as=subscriber">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLkpSbJ_z3jtZixM2rga7PA?view_as=subscriber</a><br /><br />Join this channel to get access to perks:<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLkpSbJ_z3jtZixM2rga7PA/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLkpSbJ_z3jtZixM2rga7PA/join</a><br /><br />#vbamacros  #Decoding  #editmacrobacken<br /><br />LearnexcelwithT{% endraw %}
