---
title: "RENTED: Substantially extended and fully modernized house for rent at the Draaiboomstraat, Veldhoven"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ZSBKiVa-CJc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ZSBKiVa-CJc"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Brick","Vastgoed","housing"]
date: "2022-02-28T09:40:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2013-05-13T14:00:12Z"
duration: "PT1M21S"
viewcount: "56"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "BrickVastgoed"
---
{% raw %}Substantially extended and fully modernized house with a living space on the ground floor of 60 m². This home is situated on a generous plot of 239 sqm.<br /><br />Layout:<br /><br />Ground floor<br />Covered entrance. Spacious hall with tiled floor, wardrobe, storage cupboard with unit for under floor heating. The full width living room (2010) with charcoal tile floor (tiles of 80x80cm) with under floor heating. The large skylight in the middle of the living room and french doors provide extra daylight. Open kitchen with new 5-burner gas hob, stainless steel extractor, combi-/microwave oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, stainless steel sink and plastic sheet. Fully tiled utility room with tiled floor and connections for washing equipment. Luxury tiled toilet with hanging closet and sink. Covered terrace with tiled floor, recessed lighting and electricity points.<br /><br />First floor<br />Landing with laminate flooring. 2 large bedrooms with laminate floor. The front bedroom has fitted wardrobe and bedroom at the rear is equipped with TV connection. Royale toilet (former shower) with luxury tiles and free hanging closet. Luxury bathroom with beautiful tiles, shower with thermostat and rain shower. Furthermore, the bathroom is even equipped with under floor heating, radiator and sink.<br /><br />Second floor<br />Spacious 2nd floor. The dormer was installed in 2010 and equipped with roof insulation. Landing with laminate flooring. Spacious 3rd bedroom with laminate flooring. The high ridge in this room gives an extra sense of space. Tiled laundry room with connections for washing machine and central heating combi boiler (Note: Vaillant, Type: Solid HR Plus, built in 2010)<br /><br />Garden / storage<br />Nicely landscaped (in 2010) deep and fully fenced backyard. The private backyard is fully equipped with back, paving, decorative gravel, and outside tap. Generous storage (built in 2010 and approx 3x5, 5m wide) with electricity, tiled floor (with floor insulation), and sliding door. The front garden is equipped with decorative gravel.<br /><br />Important:<br />- Available per: direct<br />- Property can also be rented fully furnished against additional costs<br />- Energy costs are not included in the rental price<br />- The advance energy costs will be around 150 - 200 euro a month<br />- Internet and tv will cost around 50 euro a month<br />- Advise and office costs (Agency fee) is 1 month rent plus VAT to be paid by the tenant.<br /><br />Brick Vastgoed is the expert in housing for expats.<br />View all our properties at www.brickvastgoed.nl<br /><br />More information: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://en.brickvastgoed.nl/aanbod/details/type-rental-properties/id-1888/draaiboomstraat-5503-sb-veldhoven">http://en.brickvastgoed.nl/aanbod/details/type-rental-properties/id-1888/draaiboomstraat-5503-sb-veldhoven</a>{% endraw %}
