---
title: "Vanlife in storms on the Wild Atlantic Way"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/xsKCJ1Ej7Fo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "xsKCJ1Ej7Fo"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["Vanlife","storms","Atlantic"]
date: "2022-03-07T00:05:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-06T17:00:41Z"
duration: "PT20M36S"
viewcount: "5211"
likeCount: "526"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Lost In Transit"
---
{% raw %}This week we take a ride on Europe's only cable car that traverses open seas (despite the stormy weather) across to a beautiful and remote island off the Beara Peninsula on the Wild Atlantic Way. The weather takes a turn for the worse and we find ourselves in a red weather warning storm on Ireland's wild west coast.<br /><br />We are Tom and Iz - a couple from Cornwall who trained to be science teachers and then decided to hit the road and embrace a new way of life, living and exploring in our tiny home on wheels, La Bamba. We invite you along with us on our adventures in our weekly vlogs. We love to embrace adventure and soak up nature every day! We're currently traveling around Ireland in our transit van along the Wild Atlantic Way. Ireland has really stolen our hearts; come along with us on this week's episode as we continue to explore the rugged and beautiful Beara Peninsula.  If you've missed our travels along the Wild Atlantic Way so far - check out our previous episodes, we upload weekly on a Sunday at 5pm :)<br /><br />First stop this week is the Dzogchen Beara, a Buddhist meditation centre on the Beara Peninsula, it was a very relaxing and peaceful place where we enjoyed some good vegan cake and coffee and a meditate in their garden with the most spectacular views across the ocean. <br /><br />We then venture over Healy pass, to do one of our beloved national looped walks in Ireland, this one was called the Pulleen Loop near Adgroom, about 5km long, with some really interesting caves along the way.  We then drive along the Castletownbere across the peninsula to a motorhome parking spot and treat ourselves to vegan pizza. After parking up in the wilds for a while, we enjoyed our night in the town! <br /><br />The next day we are very excited to venture out to Dursey Island via Ireland's only cable car. It was a very windy day and we were so relieved that the cable car was still running so we could experience it! We were the only ones riding over to the island and wow did we enjoy the ride over! It was very exciting and a bit scary looking down at the ocean with just the wooden sliding doors separating us from the roaring Dursey Sound below. We loved the cable car's rickety nature. This island is just 6.5km long and 1.5km wide so we explored the island by foot and made friends with a lovely local man who lives on the island. He told us all about island life and we soaked up the beautiful views and tried to look out for whales! There are no shops or pubs or restaurants on Dursey and just a few permanent residents that live there. We got a bit too relaxed exploring and had a close shave making the final return journey of the cable car!<br /><br />Later in the week we battle with the incoming storms and we try to hunker down somewhere safe whilst the storms pass. We take this opportunity to go to a campsite and head off to Glengarriff camping but find out its closed until spring but he kindly signposts us to his neighbour who also runs a campsite &quot;O'Sheas Caravan &amp; Camping Park&quot;. The toilets and showers were all closed here too due to storm damage but Donald the owner really kindly lets us shower in his house and gives us a lovely warm welcome. Yet again we are reminded of the amazing and generous Irish hospitality and it really is the people that have made this trip so special! We make it through the first stormy night at the campsite and there is a short break in the bad weather so we head out to Glengarriff Woods Nature Reserve for a stretch of the ol' legs. <br /><br />We then deliberate on where to spend the next stormy night after finding out the weather warnings have turned from yellow to red so we head inland a bit to Castle Donovan. We have a rocky night in the van but we stay all safe and cosy!  <br /><br />Thank you so much for watching and if you enjoyed it consider giving it a like and leave us a comment to say hi! We enjoy reading your lovely messages and we really appreciate you taking the time to show support for the channel! If you want to see more of our videos feel free to subscribe and if you haven't already turn on that notification bell so you don't miss an episode!<br /><br />See you next Sunday! I hope you have a nice week. <br /><br />Iz and Tom :){% endraw %}
