---
title: "Along With the Gods: The Last 49 Days (2018) Film Explained in Hindi s Summarized हिन्दी"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/XVIOhCTx-qE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "XVIOhCTx-qE"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Along","Gods:","(2018)"]
date: "2022-02-26T14:57:36+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-26T04:16:00Z"
duration: "PT29M50S"
viewcount: "123184"
likeCount: "7944"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Movies Insight Hindi"
---
{% raw %}Along With the Gods: The Last 49 Days (2018) thriller movie explained in Hindi Urdu voice over. The South Korean Thriller Adventure film “Along with God's Last 49 Days” story summarized with a full ending in हिन्दी explanation. The plot is about 'Rim' who's life is taken by colonel and his junior soldiers in the real world. After that Rim is met by guardian angels who take him with them to give him the 'Paragon' ticket, which is given only to those who have lived their lives to the fullest. Guardian A asks Yamaraj if there is any need for trial as Rim is innocent, release him or give him a Paragon ticket because he has been killed by someone and he was alive at that time. A god 'Yamraj' decides to take the soul of an specific old man first from the earth as a powerful deity is protecting him. So, two guardian angels go there and discover that the deity was actually protecting the old man's child who has no one in the world except him. Later, the deity reveals the history of the guardian and how they are all related with each other.<br /><br />The senior Guardian 'A' are now shown transporting Rim to the hells of indolence and murder. The junior soldier was present as a witness, but he refused to believe Rim was still alive after burying him. Yamraj was about to pronounce the punishment when Guardian A intervenes and requests that it be announced after their final trial. The colonel was the final witness to take the stand. Guardian A was also telling Rim about how his father was enraged by some of his past mistakes. He had been filled with remorse for the past 1000 years. When they bury him, the colonel also refuses to know that Rim was alive. Guardian A tells him that if he does not tell this now, he will regret it for the rest of his life, just like me. The colonel tells the truth, and Rim is granted rebirth. In the flashback, it is revealed that Yamraj was the father of guardian 'A' and this is where the film ends.<br /><br />Along with the Gods: The Last 49 Days also known as Together with God - Sin and Punishment is a 2018 is Korean Thriller Fantasy film (Full Thriller Movie Explained in Hindi voice over). I love this story because it is so unique, with never-ending surprises and haunting scenes of the afterlife worlds such as heaven and hell. The fantasy dystopian element entices us to watch and discuss a film. We are witnessing an unexpected reality that we could not have predicted. All of the actors gave excellent performances, and we can see the director &quot;Kim Yong- hwa's&quot; creativity. <br /><br />Credits: <br />Images and footage Source: Dexter Studios and Lotte Entertainment<br />Director: Kim Yong-hwa<br />Producer: Ha Jung-woo<br />Writer: Won Dong-yeon (manhwa series)<br /><br />Disclaimer: Any footage in this video has only been used to communicate a message (understandable) to the audience. According to my knowledge, it’s a fair use under positive voiceover reviews and commentary sections. We don't plan to violate anyone's right. Thanks.{% endraw %}
