---
title: "US Govt Buy BTC? BTC Supply change? ETH vs SOL vs ADA, ADA to $58, Proxies + more"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/OFabvM_3SD8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "OFabvM_3SD8"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["bitcoin and government","bitcoin proxies","bitcoin etf"]
date: "2022-02-21T00:24:16+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-20T19:53:09Z"
duration: "PT43M20S"
viewcount: "18141"
likeCount: "2577"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "InvestAnswers"
---
{% raw %}#IAQ&amp;A #Bitcoin #ETH #ADA #USGovt #BitcoinSupply #RONINToken #ETHvsSOLvsADA #MSTR #Proxies<br />💰Celsius IA PROMO Code get $60 in Bitcoin with $400 deposit:  IA60 (new customers only) see how here  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ibb.co/zRd6fqr">https://ibb.co/zRd6fqr</a> or <br />💰Celsius IA Referral Code get $50 with $400 deposit:  1315105ca2  (new customers only)<br />💰Voyager Deposit $100 to get $25 of free Bitcoin. Use code CB91C1 or this link to claim your BTC: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://voyager.onelink.me/WNly/refer...">https://voyager.onelink.me/WNly/refer...</a> <br />💰Tradingview referral link $30 off: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://tradingview.com/?offer_id=10&amp;...">https://tradingview.com/?offer_id=10&amp;...</a><br />💰FTX USA: Save on trades FTX referral link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ftx.us/#a=6600802">https://ftx.us/#a=6600802</a> 10% Savings on Fees<br />💰FTX ALL OTHER COUNTRIES: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ftx.com/referrals#a=78091443">https://ftx.com/referrals#a=78091443</a> 10% Savings on Fees<br /><br />00:00 Introduction<br />00:58 Is the US government buying Bitcoin? Since they can print dollars that they know are decreasing in value, why would they not buy Bitcoin with some of it?<br />03:40 US Government to Buy Bitcoin?<br /><br />03:59 DCA-ing into BTC weekly… What point in the cycle (if ever) should I pause my DCA-ing?<br />04:10 My BTC DCA Pause Limit<br /><br />05:10 Could the BTC network one day agree to establish inflation through popular vote?<br />Bitcoin Inflation by Popular Vote?<br />06:13 Just for Fun Scenario<br /><br />07:43 What is the best BTC proxy play at this moment, with a time horizon of ~6 months?<br />07:53 Best Bitcoin Proxies <br /><br />09:20 Will BTC ETF approval negatively impact MSTR stock price? Besides their BTC holdings, is MSTR innovating anything else in the core business to get excited over?<br />09:30 BTC ETF is Another On-Ramp to BTC<br /><br />11:15 How can the US get out of the inflationary black hole? Is it possible without destroying the markets and economy? <br />11:30 Debt Spiral Tipping Point<br />13:15 Inflationary Blackhole<br /><br />16:00 On your ETH and SOL prediction slides you’re expecting a downturn in price in 2026. What are you expecting to happen to cause this?<br />16:10 Ryan Allis - ETH Should be Fairly Priced at <br />16:40 Ethereum Price Projections <br />17:00 IA ETH to SOL Price Targets at 20% MC<br />18:00 ADA to Reach $58 by 2030 - Finders Poll<br />19:00 If ADA hits $58 what will ETH and SOL be at?<br />19:30 ADA 63x - How Does it Compare to Ryan Allis?<br /><br />20:55 Why do you think the prices of Solana and Cardano have been so closely paired lately? Some days they seem to move in exact parallel.<br />21:10 SOL vs ADA<br />22:00 ETH SOL ALGO DOT ATOM ADA FTM LUNA<br /><br />23:00 I will have a big tax bill this April. Should I sell some Bitcoin now to have funds to pay the tax, or wait to sell some nearer to April 15th?<br />23:10 Tax Bills and Speculation<br /><br />24:40 On what occasion would you use or have you used margin?<br />24:50 Margin Use<br /><br />25:43 Can you have a look at Ronin (gaming token for Axie Infinity) and give your thoughts on the token and the space?<br />26:00 My Thoughts on Ronin<br />27:56 How is TVL calculated on crypto? Any insights and your personal view on TVL will be useful.<br />28:00 What is TVL?<br />30:00 Your Contributions, Our Donations<br /><br />31:20 Crypto Papi - If bitcoin becomes legal tender does it lose value? Its current function is store of value based on scarcity. <br /><br />32:54 Crypto Creed - what’s your thoughts on Block stock. Do you think it’s a good long term play in current price?<br /><br />34:55 Mindfed - If one country's banks ban their people from connecting their banks to exchanges, how will those citizens convert their crypto to cash?<br /><br />36:06 Cryptolicious - should we be concerned about the US coming out with guidelines on crypto this week? We know everything these guys do will be wrong....<br /><br />37:38 FutureMillionaire - James BTC OR GBTC with the current price can get a whole coin for roughly 27 to 28 K<br /><br />38:15 RemyTheWhippet If AVAX's TVL continues to grow &amp; with only one vesting unlock in March (no additional sell pressure after), do you think AVAX has a shot at $300?<br /><br />40:00 Master Block Warrior - I've been following Mike Green and his brilliant macro view a lot recently and think he's the only smart Bitcoin bear. What are your thoughts on him and would you have him on as a guest in the future?<br /><br />42:25 Charles KinCannon - Any reason to convert large GBTC to BTC? hold both<br /><br />42:40 Weyland YutaniXenomorph - Is that paneling or is wallpaper? Looks amazing!<br /><br />Thanks for your donation:<br />Dog-1 - &quot;Thanks to James and the IA team!&quot;<br />Chikoo Chikoo<br />Vinicius Maciel<br />T&amp;D Tesla{% endraw %}
