---
title: "Best Shared Web Hosting Plans in 2022 🎯"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/j9SxxA_bGqc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "j9SxxA_bGqc"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Best Shared Web hosting Plans","best web hosting","best shared hosting"]
date: "2022-03-13T20:45:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-09T10:49:18Z"
duration: "PT12M51S"
viewcount: "1355"
likeCount: "46"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Site Starters"
---
{% raw %}🧨Best Shared Web Hosting Plans in 2022🎯<br />1️⃣👉 Get Hostinger SAVE 90% off! ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3iv5q56">https://bit.ly/3iv5q56</a><br />     📖 Read Hostinger Review ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sitestarters.net/hostinger-review/">https://sitestarters.net/hostinger-review/</a><br />2️⃣👉 Get Bluehost at $2.95/mo ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3Foli38">https://bit.ly/3Foli38</a> <br />     📖 Read Bluehost Review ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sitestarters.net/bluehost-review/">https://sitestarters.net/bluehost-review/</a><br />3️⃣👉 Get HOSTGATOR ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2SQRwko">https://bit.ly/2SQRwko</a>      <br />      📖 Read Hostgator Review ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sitestarters.net/hostgator-review/">https://sitestarters.net/hostgator-review/</a><br /><br />In this video I talk about my favorite shared webhosting providers, Hostinger, Bluehost and Hostagator, and what they each have to offer in their plans. <br /><br />How's it going, everybody? Welcome back. And today, I want to be talking about my three favorite web hosting services. So if you're getting into shared web hosting, this is the video for you. So that'll be hosting or Bluehost, and Hostgator. So if you guys are interested in any of these shared web hosting services, then be sure to check the link in the description down below, you'll be able to get yourself a little discount so that you can hopefully save a little bit of cash. Alright, so let's get straight into it. Now, starting with hosting or All right now, hosting are offers one of the most affordable hosting services I've seen. In fact, their plans start at 199 a month as you can tell here with the single shared web hosting plan, their most expensive plan is their business shared web hosting plan and as just 499 a month, which is still actually quite a bit affordable. That is just rock bottom pricing. Now the catch is that these are actually promotional prices, when you renew the price jumps up, but it's still just 399 each month for the singles shared web hosting plan. So the single one, the single shared web hosting plan is just gonna jump a couple of bucks. Now, to lock in the lowest price you have to sign up for 48 months, which stretches out your discount as long as possible. And when you renew, it's still going to cost less than most other shared hosting providers. Alongside that unbelievable pricing hosting promises a 99.9% uptime guarantee, and their site speed is more than serviceable. Here's a peek into the hosting there's plans with pricing for a four year upfront commitment. Now with the single shared web hosting plan, you're going to get a website so one website 30 gigabytes of SSD storage, 10,000 monthly visits, one email account and 100 gigabytes of bandwidth. Now with the premium shared web hosting plan, you're going to be getting 100 websites 100 gigabytes of SSD storage 25,000 monthly visits, unlimited databases, a free domain, a free email, Google Ads credit and unlimited bandwidth. Now finally, with the business shared hosting plan for 499, you're going to get 100 websites 200 gigabytes of SSD storage, a million monthly visits, unlimited databases, a free domain and just like the premium 100 email accounts, Google Ads credit, unlimited bandwidth and daily backups which is very important. Now all the plans come with Managed WordPress, which is an excellent inclusion if you want to use WordPress as your CMS. That means even with these low prices, you still get one click WordPress installation, the WordPress starter side building wizard auto updates and a lot more. So if you're looking for a decent shared web host on a tight budget, hosting is an absolutely fantastic option. Okay, now the next shared web hosting provider one of my favorites is Bluehost. While there are many reasons I like Bluehost The reason I often recommend Bluehost is that it is just the perfect option for beginners with their one click WordPress installation, intuitive dashboard and award winning 24/7 customer support, they'll hold your hand through the entire setup process. So that'll be it for this video. So be sure to check that out if you guys are interested and again, they all offer money back guarantees you're gonna get a 30 day money back guarantee with hosting or and Bluehost and a 45 day money back guarantee with Hostgator which is why you know it's safe to go with the business plan and you have 45 days to change your mind. So yeah, comment below if you have any questions. I'll be happy to answer all of them like and subscribe if you'd like to support the channel and see more of it. Thank you guys very much for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Have a wonderful day.<br /><br />- DISCLOSURE -<br /><br />I am affiliated, but not sponsored by any VPN provider. This means I might make money when you purchase paid services through the links provided and I might be able to offer discounts when available. Not being sponsored allows me to keep my own opinions and provide reviews and tutorials without bias. So, if you enjoyed the content consider using my affiliate links.<br /><br />Hope you enjoy my Best Shared Web Hosting Plans in 2022 video.<br /><br />#BestSharedWebHostingPlans<br />#BestSharedWebHosting<br />#SharedWebHosting{% endraw %}
