---
title: "MASTER LEVEL ID REFUSAL • THIS EDUCATED MAN COMPLETELY DESTROYS EGOTISTICAL POLICE OFFICERS • OWNED"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ncNTpX6EY4Y\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ncNTpX6EY4Y"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Unlawful use of force","intimidation fail","Police brutality"]
date: "2022-02-07T17:16:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-06T23:03:27Z"
duration: "PT13M58S"
viewcount: "23309"
likeCount: "1322"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "I Don’t Answer Questions"
---
{% raw %}This video is intended for informational, entertainment, news and other educational purposes and is not legal advice. <br /><br />Original Uploader Channel Link:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/c/AZAvenger520">https://youtube.com/c/AZAvenger520</a><br /><br />Original Video Link:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/p5wiNwLHkC0">https://youtu.be/p5wiNwLHkC0</a><br /><br />Video location: Mesa Arizona <br /><br />Mesa Police Department <br />130 N Robson, Mesa, AZ 85201<br />(480) 644-2211<br />mesaaz.gov<br /><br />Direct D &amp; Az Avenger filmed this video involving Kari R. Savage on Monday 12/27/21 @ 10:20pm.<br />On Tuesday 12/28/21 @ 3:38pm Mesa Police officer Kari R. Savage (Karen Hefner) came to Direct D’s residence and stole his company landscape trailer in retaliation for first amendment protected activities and violated his fourth amendment right to be secure against unreasonable seizures. They also REsubmitted charges that had been previously dismissed against Az Avenger In what seems like retaliation.<br /><br /><br />———————<br /><br />Get EDUCATED People, knowledge is power...<br /><br />Enjoy The Police Activity Coverage.<br /><br />———————<br /><br />Check out these Great Channels!<br /><br />@Arizona Auditor <br />@James Freeman <br />@San Joaquin Valley Transparency <br />@Tempe Against Police Violence <br />@Nateskates182 <br />@Twisted Imagery <br />@San Joaquin Audits<br />@MCW Joker<br />@Direct D<br />@The Gilbert Bystander <br />@Every Camera Counts<br />@I don’t answer questions<br />@spittin Cobra Copwatch <br />@EL Zorro Yiro<br />@Caught You Slippin Audits<br />@Friendly Neighborhood Citizen <br />@Bay Area Transparency <br />@Lack Luster<br /><br />💥<br /><br />—————————<br /><br />**FAIR USE**<br /><br />Copyright Disclaimer under section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for “fair use” for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, education and research.<br /><br />Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. <br /><br />Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use. <br /><br />FAIR USE DEFINITION:<br /><br />(Source: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_use)">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_use)</a><br /><br />Fair use is a doctrine in the United States copyright law that allows limited use of copyrighted material without requiring permission from the rights holders, such as for commentary, criticism, news reporting, research, teaching or scholarship.  It provides for the legal, non-licensed citation or incorporation of copyrighted material in another author’s work under a four-factor balancing test.  The term “fair use” originated in the United States.  A similar principle, fair dealing, exists in some other common law jurisdictions.  Civil law jurisdictions have other limitations and exceptions to copyright. <br /><br />U.S. COPYRIGHT OFFICE- FAIR USE DEFINITION<br /><br />(Source: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.copyright.gov/fls/fl102.html)">http://www.copyright.gov/fls/fl102.html)</a><br /><br />One of the rights accorded to the owner of copyright is the right to reproduce or to authorize others to reproduce the work in copies or phonorecords.  This right is subject to certain limitations found in sections 107 through 118 of the copyright law (title 17, U.S. Code).  One of the more important limitations is the doctrine of “fair use”.  The doctrine of fair use has developed through a substantial number of court decisions over the years and has been codified in section 107 of the copyright law. <br /><br />Section 107 contains a list of the various purposes for which the reproduction of a particular work may be considered fair, such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research.<br /><br />#cops #amendments #copwatch #directd #firstamendmentaudit #record #sanjoaquinvalleytransparency #share #police #livepd #hawaii{% endraw %}
