---
title: "Haunt"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/qd2uxEgz-fo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "qd2uxEgz-fo"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["Stop","Motion","stopmotion"]
date: "2022-02-12T23:22:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2006-11-03T14:17:08Z"
duration: "PT4M9S"
viewcount: "1359486"
likeCount: "26505"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "GRZ"
---
{% raw %}--- Thanks for all the positive feedback. Remember to vote and fav it to get it more exposure ---<br /><br />Haunt is a stop motion animation I made during college.<br />Its based on a dream, or nightmare that my brother had as a kid and I've always wanted to make it in to some kind of visual product since it scared me to death just from being told about it.<br />The actual story goes on, and this is only the beginning scene... what happens left is up to you...<br />Or to me if I can get the time and resources together to make the next part... time shall tell. Please comment and vote, input is greatly appreciated!<br /><br />Update 2014:<br />I'm really pleased about the reaction to Haunt. <br />I do actually plan to complete the story. But I will remake this part, and also include the extended storyline. Subscribe, and at some point it will pop up in your news feed. :)<br />Thanks again for all the comments!<br /><br />Update 2019:<br />So this video I made in my bedroom as a student has hit 1 million views. <br />It took it's time, Youtube has changed since I posted it and I could have just uploaded my dog doing a poo and got more views, but to me it means a lot. The fact that this little film - a film I left to the last night before my deadline, my DV camera breaking half way through filming so had to cheat animate it - holds something special to people is really very great.<br />In preparation I ran around town, visiting a lumberyard to collect old scraps of wood to build the sets. The main bedroom set is a drawer I pulled out and put on it's side. I asked a friend's sisters to borrow their doll's house furniture - then built a small armature out of plasticine, wire and masking tape, and made heads out of air dry clay. I cobbled together some mp3s of my favourite songs, luckily copyright has been waived by Sony! It was fun.<br />I've got a kid now and it's over a decade later, I still promise to remake this properly need to fit it around my other video projects and raising a family! I look back at this film as a testament to just making it happen... so much procrastination and self doubt over the years, but when you put time and love in to something you will reach people. And however basic this film is, it keeps getting viewed and people respond to it, I look back to it and it inspires me.<br />Thanks for all the comments over the years. I really enjoy that there are people out there with similar tastes to me who it struck a chord with, and to those for whom it didn't - good for you horror is a very divisive genre everyone's got a different thing that scares them! For the record my favourite horror films/games + inspirations are Rosemary's Baby, The Innocents, The Haunting (60s version), Don't Look Now, The Thing (Carpenter), Silent Hill 2, Resident Evil 2, Dead Space, The Orphanage, The Exorcist, The Brood, Videodrome, The Wicker Man, Triangle, Suspiria (Remake), Night of the Living Dead, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, The Omen, REC to name a few.<br />I suggest you check them out if this film strikes a chord. Particularly The Innocents and The Haunting which this took a lot from.﻿<br /><br />Featured music:<br />Pink Floyd - 'Is there AnyBody Out There'<br />Akira Yamaoka - 'The Darkness That Lurks In Our Mind' &amp; 'Prisonic Fairytale'{% endraw %}
