---
title: "Treatment for Stimulating Hair Growth and more - Nettle oil made at home"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/w77KmXdVd_o\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "w77KmXdVd_o"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["nettle oil","nettles oil","nettle oil benefits"]
date: "2022-02-06T08:10:15+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-02T08:37:31Z"
duration: "PT5M59S"
viewcount: "101"
likeCount: "7"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Old Cures"
---
{% raw %}Nettle oil is famous as a treatment to stimulate hair growth, but it has a wide range of use both externally (scalp, hair, anti-rheumatic, anti-inflammatory, dermatitis) and internally (digestion, liver drain, bile, throat). &quot;Treatment to stimulate hair growth with nettle oil, 100% natural, prepared at home.&quot;<br /><br />👉 Video browsing (homemade nettle oil):<br />0:00 - Intro (Nettle Oils obtained by cold maceration)<br />0:18 - Ingredients<br />0:27 - Preparation (before maceration)<br />2:16 - Preparation (after maceration)<br />3:43 - Benefits and Properties<br />4:11 - External use<br />4:40 - Internal use<br />4:56 - Preservation and Validity<br />5:32 - Final<br /><br />⚠ For nettle oil, ideally, we will use only the nettle leaves, and the nettles will be harvested from May to July, before flowering, in sunny and dry weather.<br /><br />👉 Benefits and properties of using nettle oil:<br />→ External:<br />• antirheumatic, anti-inflammatory: bone pain, knee pain, inflammation;<br />• treatment to stimulate hair growth;<br />• natural hair tonic for healthier, thicker and fuller hair;<br />• dandruff, antiseborrheic;<br />• treats scalp mycosis;<br />• good in dermatological conditions: acne;<br />→ Internal:<br />• good in digestive and biliary problems;<br />• hepatic drainer;<br />• pancreatic pain;<br />• sore throat;<br />• vitaminizing;<br />• mineralizing;<br />• can also be consumed as food, in salads, on bread, ...<br /><br />👉 Administration<br />Nettle oil can be used both internally and externally.<br />→ External use:<br />• For hair, it is recommended to dab with a cotton pad on the scalp and leave it to act for up to 1 hour. Also, for application on the hair, a container with a long, conical tip can be used to gently pour at the base of the hair. The hair will have a more shiny color, a healthier appearance, treat dry scalp, dandruff.<br />• Treats dandruff, scalp mycosis: daily application to the scalp and left on for 20-30 minutes. After the first week, applications are made every 2 days, then the following week every 3 days, up to once a week.<br />• For dermatitis: local applications are recommended 1-3 times a day, on clean skin.<br />• For rheumatism: local massage on painful areas is recommended.<br />• To beautify the skin, the face can be applied masks with nettle oil, but not more than 10 minutes, due to the aggressiveness of formic acid, which is part of the plant.<br />• It can also be used as food, in mattresses, on bread, ...<br /><br />→ Internal use:<br />It can be used to treat digestive disorders, biliary disorders, liver drainage, pancreas, sore throat, vitaminizing, mineralizing. One tablespoon is recommended 3 times a day, on an empty stomach, possibly 30 minutes before meals.<br /><br />👉 See how you can prepare nettle oil, at home, step by step:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://old-cures.com/remedies/nettle-oil-obtained-by-transfer--220">https://old-cures.com/remedies/nettle-oil-obtained-by-transfer--220</a><br /><br />👉 See also other natural remedies with nettles:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/jnuVCbauIyQ">https://youtu.be/jnuVCbauIyQ</a><br /><br />#nettleoil #homemadenettleoil{% endraw %}
