---
title: "THIS QUIZ IMPROVE YOUR IQ LEVEL : Find Sergio Ramos ? Football Quiz : Challenge 1-9  Level 1,2,3"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_3EMeYI-VUg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_3EMeYI-VUg"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["football quiz","quiz football","quiz"]
date: "2022-03-07T13:49:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-27T13:30:06Z"
duration: "PT6M13S"
viewcount: "29343"
likeCount: "202"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "POPULAR"
---
{% raw %}This Quiz Improve Your Focus And IQ Level <br />Find odd one out<br />find and spot,<br />spot the difference<br />find sergio ramos<br />iq quiz<br /><br />We will know about one of the best defenders in history; Sergio Ramos Garcia<br /><br />Sergio Ramos Garcia is a Spanish Professional soccer player who plays for the Spain national team and Real Madrid. Scarcely any players can not just play at the most significant level for such an all-inclusive timeframe. Also, few are able to prove themselves as one of the world's best for a single football club. <br /><br />This season is the sixteenth anniversary of ​Sergio Ramos' time with Los Blancos, a god-like accomplishment that ought to be valued and worshipped as both exceptional and unmistakable, whatever your assessment of the man might be. <br />In this way, to proclaim this accomplishment, here are some amazing facts about Sergio Ramos.Sergio Ramos is one of the most adored center-backs in Europe. He's a pioneer both on and off the pitch for Los Blancos and has the sort of following that could match worldwide geniuses in Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. <br /><br />What's more, he's consistently in the news fortunate or unfortunate for his commitments to his club with his director, Zinedine Zidane, likewise guaranteeing that he's the most significant Spanish expert player in the recent years. That is crucial as he shares the national team with with players Sergio Busquets, Thiago, David de Gea and that's only the tip of the iceberg. In any case, there's a lot more that meets the eye with regards to the 34-year-old.<br />Sergio Ramos plays For the most part as a center-back, he can likewise play as a right back. He is a well rounded and persistent player, who is viewed as probably the best defender on the planet. He is a solid player who exceeds expectations noticeable all around, a goal machine on set-pieces, and he is additionally a skillful, aggressive tackler. Great pace, fantastic specialized technique, just as good passing, and crossing skill.<br /><br />Be that as it may, he holds the record for the highest number of red cards got by a Real Madrid player. The previous manager, Carlo Ancelotti has contrasted him with Paolo Maldini, because of his character, his athletic and specialized ability, his capacity to exceed expectations both in defense and offense, just as his strategic flexibility, which permits him to be played as a fullback and center back.<br /><br />In the wake of rising through Sevilla's academy, Ramos proceeded to be a first-team player for Real Madrid. He was the second captain at the point when Iker Casillas used to play for Real Madrid. Ramos is one of La Liga's highest-scoring defenders of all time. Sergio Ramos played with the Spanish national team in two European Championships, three World Cups winning the previous competition in 2008 and 2012, and the last in 2010. His international debut was at 18 years of age and he turned into the most youthful player to ever arrive at 100 caps in 2013.<br /><br />Music Credit : Youtube Audio Library<br /><br />#footballquiz#quizfootball#quiz#sergioramos<br /><br />Thanks For Watching{% endraw %}
