---
title: "Sarah Vaughan - In A Sentimental Mood (Roulette Records 1961)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/8iiKxNOoWW0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "8iiKxNOoWW0"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["sarah","vaughan","after"]
date: "2022-06-03T12:30:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2013-06-23T00:52:13Z"
duration: "PT4M10S"
viewcount: "391278"
likeCount: "4791"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "RoundMidnightTV"
---
{% raw %}&quot;In a Sentimental Mood&quot; is a jazz composition by Duke Ellington which is also performed as a song. Ellington composed the piece in 1931 and recorded it with his orchestra the same year. Lyrics were later written for the tune by Irving Mills and Manny Kurtz. According to Ellington, the song was born in Durham, North Carolina. &quot;We had played a big dance in a tobacco warehouse, and afterwards a friend of mine, an executive in the North Carolina Mutual Insurance Company, threw a party for Amy. I was playing piano when another one of our friends had some trouble with two chicks. To pacify them, I composed this there and then, with one chick standing on each side of the piano.&quot; The original recording featured solos by Otto Hardwicke, Harry Carney, Lawrence Brown, and Rex Stewart.<br /><br />&quot;In a Sentimental Mood&quot; makes use of a musical technique called contrapuntal or chromatic embellishment of static harmony. This is also sometimes referred to as a line cliché.  Ellington recorded his best-known version together with John Coltrane, which is featured on Duke Ellington and John Coltrane and Coltrane for Lovers. The Ellington and Coltrane version was performed in the key of D flat major, mainly from B flat minor 7th to E flat minor 7th, and then A flat 13th to D flat major 7th, with an interesting interlude in A major. <br /><br />After Hours is a 1961 studio album by American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan. This was Vaughan's first album with just guitar and double bass accompaniment, it was followed by 1963's Sarah + 2 in a similar vein.<br /><br />The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded After Hours three stars and said that &quot;the emphasis throughout is exclusively on Sassy's magnificent voice. The program mostly sticks to ballads, with a couple of exceptions...and is a quiet and intimate affair, with Vaughan more subtle than she sometimes was. Despite a lightweight version of &quot;My Favorite Things&quot; that will not remind listeners of John Coltrane, this is an excellent if brief set (34-and-a-half minutes) with some fine jazz singing&quot;.<br /><br />Sarah's accompanied by Mundell Lowe (guitar) and George Duvivier (double bass).  Pictured along with Sarah in video is Richard Davis.  Recorded in RKO-Path Studio, New York City, July 18, 1961. (Roulette Records)<br /><br />In a sentimental mood<br />I can see the stars come through my room<br />While your lovin' attitude<br />Is like a flame that lights the gloom<br /><br />On the wings of every kiss<br />Every kiss, every kiss<br />Drifts a melody so strange and sweet<br />In the sentimental bliss you make my paradise<br />My paradise complete<br /><br />Rose petals seem to fall<br />It's all like a dream to call you mine<br />To call you mine<br />My heart's a lighter thing<br />Since you made this night a thing divine<br /><br />In a sentimental mood<br />I'm within a world, so heavenly<br />For I never dreamt that you'd, you'd be lovin' sentimental<br />You'd be loving sentimental me<br /><br />Rose petals seem to fall<br />It's all like a dream to call you mine<br />My heart's a lighter thing<br />Since you made this night a thing divine, divine<br /><br />In a sentimental mood<br />I'm within a world, so heavenly<br />For I never dreamt that you'd be lovin' sentimental<br />Sentimental, sentimentally{% endraw %}
