---
title: "The Novus Ordo and homosexuality"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/PHvz2Zdezyc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "PHvz2Zdezyc"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Novus","homosexuality"]
date: "2022-04-26T06:49:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-25T17:00:13Z"
duration: "PT12M49S"
viewcount: "605"
likeCount: "106"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Scripture and Tradition -- Fr JM"
---
{% raw %}True worship, directed at the Living God, is imaged throughout Sacred Scripture by the crowning good of creation — marriage. Idolatry, going after false gods, is imaged in the Bible by adultery. Man turning in on himself, to celebrate himself, is neither marriage nor adultery but, contra naturam, spiritual homosexuality. As the lex orandi incorporates the lex credendi, that is the traditional rites make visible the traditional faith, so mutilating the liturgy — cutting out great parts and introducing novelties — is akin to transgender surgery on the body, even rendering it infertile [or in the New Mass, hindering graces]. <br /><br />The rebellion of homosexuality against nature is made obvious by considering the human body and the purpose of marriage. Similarly, the aberration of the Novus ordo is made obvious by regarding tradition and the purpose of worship. Regarding human nature, you do not need the brains of an archbishop to see how a man and a woman are made for each other. If psychological complementarity is not immediately apparent to all, the bodily complementarity of a man and a woman is undeniable. Or looking to the first end of marriage, which is children, then you do not need to be a rocket scientist to know what manner of intercourse suits this goal of nature and what not. For true worship we have similar references. We can look to tradition and we can look to the purpose. The body of tradition shows us how to worship God. If we do not mutilate this body, we can be confident that we are in continuity, or harmony, with our nature as the Church, our souls disposed to receiving God. Meanwhile the first purpose of worship is the glory of God and only secondarily the salvation of souls. Therefore Holy Mass should be ordered to Him, not to ourselves. The parallel with marriage works further, in that just as spouses who are devoted to children will find this bonds them more deeply and for longer than any other goal, so also those who go to Holy Mass with the primary purpose of worshipping God will find there is no better way of securing the salvation of souls, themselves and others.<br /><br />Indeed as souls were given us directly by God, while our bodies were given us by our parents cooperating with Him, so the spirit of the liturgy is a gift of God, while the body of it, the rites which incorporate it, Tradition, is handed down through the generations of our Catholic forebears in cooperation with God. The Holy Spirit has shaped the liturgy over the centuries as surely as the same Spirit inspired Sacred Scripture over centuries. We do not need novelties in Scripture or in Holy Mass or in nature: God has designed all these perfectly. Organic growth belongs to all these, but they should never suffer mutilation. Please God the hierarchy of the Church will admit this.{% endraw %}
