---
title: "Central Hospital Stories | Toddlers Game #11 (Android Gameplay) | Cute Little Games"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/JbUkcvJC6qs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "JbUkcvJC6qs"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["Central Hospital Stories","Hospital Stories","New playtoddlers game"]
date: "2022-04-14T12:37:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-07-20T15:00:03Z"
duration: "PT5M35S"
viewcount: "741601"
likeCount: "4233"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Cute Little Games"
---
{% raw %}Central Hospital Stories | Toddlers Game #11 (Android Gameplay) | Cute Little Games<br /><br />Central Hospital Stories: Hurry up doctor, we have an emergency in Central Hospital! New game from PlayToddlers! <br /><br />Subscribe Here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/WjZJzC">https://goo.gl/WjZJzC</a><br /><br />About the Game: <br /><br />Central Hospital Stories is an advanced hospital, full of activities and things to do, where countless adventures and stories between doctors and patients waits for you inside their facilities full of interactions and surprises.<br /><br />Designed for children, and not so children, between 4 and 14 years old, but appropriate to be enjoyed by the whole family, this new game expands the universe of the saga Stories to trigger your imagination and creativity. Creating stories from the day-to-day in a hospital such as real emergencies in this advanced health facilities.<br /><br />DISCOVER AN ADVANCED HOSPITAL AND ITS FACILITIES<br /><br />A five-story hospital with 8 different medical units, a reception, waiting room, ambulance entrance and restaurant that you can visit and manage as you wish. Create stories about medical checkups, diagnoses with X-rays and other advanced machines and cure different illnesses.<br /><br />The hospital includes a family doctor consultation, a veterinarian, a maternity ward where pregnant women will be able to give birth, an intensive care nursing unit for children and another one for adults, a cutting-edge laboratory, a modern operating room and an staff room where the staff will rest and prepare for the next shift.<br /><br />CREATE YOUR HOSPITAL STORIES<br /><br />With so many locations, characters and objects you'll never run out of ideas for your stories. Have fun helping pregnant women to see their new baby in the ultrasound monitor and then help them to give birth, research diseases in the laboratory and perform urgent operations in the operating room or live the day-to-day life of a family doctor doing a routine medical check on the whole family. You Decide!<br /><br />FEATURES<br /><br />- Infinite ways to play on 5 floors with 8 medical units: family doctor consultation, veterinarian, maternity, intensive care nursing unit for children and another one for adults, laboratory, operating room and staff room.<br />- In Addition to the reception there are several common areas that you can also explore: A waiting room, an ambulance entrance and a restaurant.<br />- Play with 37 characters of different species, ages and genres, representing different roles, both patients and hospital staff.<br /><br />The free game includes 6 locations and 13 characters for you to play unlimited and try the possibilities of the game. Once you're sure, you'll be able to enjoy the remaining locations through a unique purchase, which will unlock the 13 locations and 37 characters forever.<br /><br />About PlayToddlers<br />PlayToddlers games have been developed to be enjoyed by all members of the family, regardless of their age. We promote responsible social values and healthy habits in a safe and controlled environment without violence or advertisements from third parties.<br /><br /><br />Download Links: <br /><br />Google Play: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.playtoddlers.centralhospitalstories.free">https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.playtoddlers.centralhospitalstories.free</a><br /> App Store: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://itunes.apple.com/app/apple-store/id1458894591?mt=8">https://itunes.apple.com/app/apple-store/id1458894591?mt=8</a>{% endraw %}
