---
title: "Tons of Green oranges! Preserved their juice as Cordial & candied the peels as well | Traditional Me"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/q4nWrCF03lw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "q4nWrCF03lw"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["cooking","recipe","traditional"]
date: "2022-04-23T03:49:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-22T12:36:55Z"
duration: "PT33M34S"
viewcount: "135861"
likeCount: "6699"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Traditional Me"
---
{% raw %}Even though the summer has arrived with all the trees laden so heavily with seasonal fruits like mangoes, rose apples, mandarin, pineapple, indian olives, star fruits &amp; passion fruits, people in Sri Lanka are not in a happy mood to welcome the season. Because of the ancient tradition of our culture, we lit the new hearth according to the auspicious timings to preserve our ancient traditions, yet thousands of people were not in a mood to celebrate the Sinhala &amp; Hindu New Year with such indescribable suffering that they are going through. Yet as I described earlier, all the trees in the vicinity were heavy with varieties of seasonal fruits which was like a carnival. Every tree was smiling with fruits seems they are saying like &quot;don't worry... things will get better soon!&quot;<br /><br />The sweet green oranges tree in our ancestral house was heavy with light yellow green oranges(Pani dodam in Sinhala). The green oranges becomes sweet and luscious with nectar when they become light yellow. I picked up so many oranges because Grandmother loves them and to make juice out of them. But when I saw the oranges basket filled with green balls after finished picking them, I was tempted to keep them and drink for long time! <br /><br />So I mixed sweet green orange nectar and passion fruit juice to make a fresh and tangy cordial. These green orange's skin contains lot of citrus so the skin of sweet green oranges, sour oranges and mandarin should be removed before squeezing their juice out. Otherwise the citrus will get mixed with the sweet nectar of the fruit. Since I didn't like to waste their skin, I made candied peels to be used later. Since the skin has lot of sour citrus, the skins were boiled twice and the water was strained out. Few pepper corns and a cinnamon stick added an amazing flavour. By adding the four passion fruit juice to the orange cordial, made it a sweet and sour fresh cordial to be enjoyed.<br /><br />In an evening after few days, I got this idea of making steamed cake with pandan juice and white coconut oil. I added home made chopped ginger preserve and candied green orange peel to enhance the flavour. I was about to make tea while the steamed cake were steaming but gave up that idea since brother came to the kitchen and took the cordial bottle with few tonic water bottles to make his secret something. Well brother's tonic water mixed drink was excellent. Do you know what will happen to my cordial bottle if I give my brother a compliment about the tonic drink? Yes you thought right! My cordial bottle that I planned to keep for a month won't last long even a day. Yes you all know my chef brother! Though I talked about my brother, I am sure I will too finish the cordial bottle before my brother, after tasting the yummy aloe vera drink which he made for grandmother, the delicious mango drink which he had made with mango pieces, the rose apple juice that he made for me and the mixed juice that he made with mango, rose apple and aloe vera. How could anyone wait without having those delicious drinks again after tasting it once lately.  What ever said, the mouth-tingling drink and the soft steamed cake was an ideal combination.<br /><br />Love you All!<br />Nadee<br /><br />© All rights reserved<br />Tons of Green oranges! Preserved their juice as Cordial &amp; candied the peels as well<br /><br />*Turn CC on for subtitles<br /><br />乡村烹饪 cuisine de village गाँव का खाना बनाना cucina del villaggio طبخ القرية Dorfkochen 村の料理 dorp koken 마을 요리 pagluluto ng nayon деревенская кухня cozinha da vila ഗ്രാമീണ പാചകം cocina del pueblo গ্রাম রান্না vesnické vaření landsby madlavning ចម្អិនអាហារតាមភូមិ kylän ruoanlaitto गाउँ खाना पकाउने masakan desa கிராம சமையல் masakan kampung หมู่บ้านทำอาหาร gotowanie na wsi köy pişirme làng nấu ăn ရွာချက်ပြုတ် μαγειρική στο χωριό villa coctione<br /><br />Inspired by 李子柒 Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge<br /><br />Watch all my videos(playlist) - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......</a><br />Music - Traditional Me © <br />My life journey (web) - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.traditionalme.life">https://www.traditionalme.life</a><br />FACEBOOK : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...">https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...</a><br /><br />#villagecooking​​​​​ #srilankanfood​​​​​ #traditionalme​​​​​ #village​​​​​ #villagelife​​​​​ #villagefood​​​​​ #nadee​​​​​ #countryfood​​​​​ #dessert​​​ #srilankancooking{% endraw %}
