---
title: "NASA Released Classified Information About This Interstellar Invader"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RnOlZ6ReIYE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RnOlZ6ReIYE"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["James webb telescope","james webb space telescope","the universe"]
date: "2022-05-12T02:54:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-11T21:00:18Z"
duration: "PT8M10S"
viewcount: "136"
likeCount: "19"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Space Explorer"
---
{% raw %}NASA Released Classified Information About This Interstellar Invader<br /><br />🔔 Subscribe now for more Space content!<br /><br />Each year, scientists estimate that many interstellar objects of extrasolar origin travel through Earth's orbit, with 10,000 passing through Neptune's orbit on any given day. Interstellar comets pass into the inner Solar System on rare occasions, approaching at erratic velocities, generally from the location of the constellation Hercules, because the Solar System is heading in that direction, which is known as the solar apex. The notion that no comet had been discovered with speed greater than the Sun's exit velocity was used to set upper limits on their density in interstellar space until the finding of Oumuamua. According to Torbett's report, the density of comets per cubic parsec was no more than 1013 (10 trillion). An interstellar object is an astronomical object that is not gravitationally connected to a star and exists in interstellar space. This word can also refer to an object on an interstellar trajectory but travelling close to a star for a brief period, such as asteroids and comets. In this situation, the object is referred to as an interstellar invader. In this video, we will be looking at the unknown object in our solar system discovered by scientists and will be answering the most highly asked question.<br /><br />🌌 Watch the entire video for more information!<br />________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />About Space Explorer<br />🎥 Videos about Space and Beyond<br />🛠️ Written, voiced and produced by the Space Explorer Team<br />🔔 Subscribe now for the latest Space content<br />☄️ Let us know what videos you want to see in the comments down below<br />________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />💼 Business Inquiries and Contact<br />• For business inquiries, copyright matters or other inquiries please contact us at: yt.spaceexplorer@gmail.com.<br /><br />⚠️ Copyright Disclaimers<br />• We use images and content in accordance with the YouTube Fair Use copyright guidelines<br />• Section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Act states: “Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright.” <br />• This video could contain certain copyrighted video clips, pictures, or photographs that were not specifically authorized to be used by the copyright holder(s), but which we believe in good faith are protected by federal law and the fair use doctrine for one or more of the reasons noted above.{% endraw %}
