---
title: "Pakistan Beach Vacation 🇵🇰"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/gd-dCFU7fuk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "gd-dCFU7fuk"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["Dale Phillip","Dave Philip","Dave Phillip"]
date: "2022-02-05T19:21:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-05T14:43:53Z"
duration: "PT1H16M1S"
viewcount: "12140"
likeCount: "1384"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dale Philip"
---
{% raw %}I decided to escape the hustle and bustle of Karachi city and head for the beach, Clifton Beach.<br /><br />I was expecting to be similar to the beaches I'd visited in Chennai and Mumbai in India, where it's like a big hangout area for the locals, with many vendors selling snacks and drinks.<br /><br />That's pretty much what it is but there's also camels, horses and dune buggies to ride.<br /><br />I started off with a refreshing fresh orange juice at only 20 rupees ($0.11) and then found one of the games where you shoot balloons with a BB gun. I thought I was good at this time from the times I played it in India, but my performance this time was poor. I'm pretty sure the gun was faulty as I was aiming correctly and coming nowhere near to hitting the balloons.<br /><br />I racked up a bill of 50 rupees ($0.29) firing shots at the balloons and a friendly local man insisted on paying the bill for me. I don't like accepting things for free or other people paying for me but in these situations they simply don't allow you to pay, no matter how hard you try. It's their way of showing hospitality to a guest. I definitely appreciate the kind gesture but I'm going to try hard to pay for things by myself whenever I can.<br /><br />There were a lot of local people enjoying the beach. It was a Sunday afternoon, with everyone relaxing on their day off. It seemed even more crowded to me as I always had a crowd gathered around me. I must have taken at least 100 selfies with people.<br /><br />The most fun thing to do at Clifton Beach looked to me to be the camel rides. There were so many beautifully dressed, well groomed camels. I was quoted 200 rupees ($1.15) for a ride. It seems that &quot;one ride&quot; is an undetermined length and if you go far you have to pay for multiple rides. Fortunately I figured that out, with the help of some locals, while I was riding the camel, so I didn't rack up a huge bill.<br /><br />The camel ride was fun, but bumpy. It feels like you're getting kicked on your butt once per second.<br /><br />The camel man dropped me off right beside the dune buggies so I did that next and invited one local guy to join me in the second seat. It cost 500 rupees ($2.87) for &quot;one long ride&quot;. It seemed that two long rides would mean I could cover the whole of the beach and back, so I did that. It was a quick way to explore because I would never have covered that area of the massive beach by food.<br /><br />I'd worked up an appetite with the camel and dune buggy rides and fortunately there was a stall set up in the middle of the beach selling biryani. I thought it was chicken biryani but it was actually chana biryani. Chana is the local name for chickpeas. At only 50 rupees ($0.29) for a full plate, it was cheap, delicious and healthy. If there's one thing I like better than street food, it's beach food! It's basically street food but in a better environment.<br /><br />After a bunch more selfies and chatting with the local guys I discovered that I could pay a man to look after my shoes so I could get my feet wet in the Arabian Sea. I had brought my swimming trunks but had nowhere to change into them so I didn't go for a swim.<br /><br />Most people were just enjoying standing up to their knees in the sea, facing the sun which was getting close to setting.<br /><br />I ended my trip to Pakistan's most fun beach with some more delicious beach food, some tasty masala fried fish. It was only 150 rupees ($0.86) for each full plate of delicious and meaty fish. The masala was so tasty that I was even sucking it off the bones. Yum yum!<br /><br />00:00:00 Intro<br />01:27 Rickshaw Ride<br />5:04 Clifton Beach<br />6:51 Fresh Orange Juice<br />12:17 Balloon Gun Game<br />19:00 Camel Ride<br />27:06 Dune Buggy<br />37:47 Chana Biryani<br />48:17 Shoe Man<br />1:03:30 Fried Fish<br /><br />💗 Help the channel grow by liking, commenting and subscribing. If you want to be extra nice please share my video with your friends on social media.<br /><br />📱   Instagram (Live Story Updates): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/Daleroxxu">https://instagram.com/Daleroxxu</a><br />📱   Facebook (Shorter Vlogs ~5 minutes): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/Daleroxxu/">https://www.facebook.com/Daleroxxu/</a><br />📱   TikTok (15 - 60 Seconds Vlog Clips): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.tiktok.com/@dalephilip">https://www.tiktok.com/@dalephilip</a><br />📱   Twitter (Not using this for much): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/Daleroxxu">https://twitter.com/Daleroxxu</a>{% endraw %}
