---
title: "California Breed - Sweet Tea (Official \/ New Album 2014 \/ Glenn Hughes, Jason Bonham, Andrew Watt)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/6vUay-lOjFk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "6vUay-lOjFk"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Glenn Hughes (Musical Artist)","Jason Bonham (Musical Artist)","andrew watt"]
date: "2022-04-03T06:24:18+03:00"
vid_date: "2014-03-20T10:57:22Z"
duration: "PT3M55S"
viewcount: "614876"
likeCount: "4873"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Frontiers Music srl"
---
{% raw %}Order here: iTunes: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://smarturl.it/CaliforniaBreed">http://smarturl.it/CaliforniaBreed</a> (includes instant grat of Sweet Tea) Amazon: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://smarturl.it/CB_AmzCDDVD">http://smarturl.it/CB_AmzCDDVD</a> &quot;Sweet Tea&quot; is taken from the album CALIFORNIA BREED on Frontiers Records. <br /><br />Release dates:<br />EU : May 16th 2014<br />NA: May 20th 2014<br /><br />Tracklisting: The Way; Sweet Tea; Chemical Rain; Midnight Oil; All Falls Down; The Grey; Days They Come; Spit You Out; Strong; Invisible; Scars; Breathe; Solo (Bonus Track).<br />Bonus DVD content: Sweet Tea (videoclip); The Way (videoclip); Documentary &quot;Making of the videos and EPK&quot;.<br /><br />Former Black Country Communion stars, singer-bassist Glenn Hughes and drummer Jason Bonham, have formed their new band California Breed, featuring the astounding talents of 23-year-old singer-guitarist Andrew Watt, the fact that their first album has been produced by Dave Cobb, whose spectacular work with Rival Sons has received so much acclaim, gives a big clue as to what they sound like.<br />&quot;It's proper rock,&quot; says Hughes, &quot;but at the same time it's very now. Andrew is as influenced by Mick Ronson as he is Jimmy Page.&quot;<br />&quot;I grew up listening to all the grunge bands,&quot; says Watt, &quot;but my dad always played me The Who, the Stones and Led Zeppelin so that became my music too.<br />&quot;This kid is amazing,&quot; says Bonham. &quot;The first time we met I thought he looked like the white Jimi Hendrix. And he plays in the studio likes he's onstage!&quot;<br /><br />The three-man line-up got together as California Breed for the first time last year after Hughes was introduced to the newcomer from New York by their mutual friend Julian Lennon. &quot;Julian was having an exhibition of his photographs at the Morrison Hotel Gallery in LA,&quot; Glenn recalls, &quot;and he said, 'You must meet this guy, he's the most fantastic guitarist -- who turned out to be Andrew.&quot;<br /><br />Reconvening at Hughes' Hollywood home a few days later, &quot;The chemistry was just instant,&quot; says Hughes. &quot;We immediately wrote two songs together, Chemical Rain and Solo, both of which have ended up on the album. That's when I called Jason and said you've gotta come down right now.&quot;<br /><br />&quot;The energy when I walked in the room was crackling,&quot; recalls Bonham. &quot;I was so pleased. Glenn and I had not only really locked in as a rhythm section in BCC but we'd started writing together and we both really wanted to keep that good feeling going.&quot;<br />Indeed, all 12 tracks on the as-yet untitled forthcoming California Breed album -- the band have signed a deal with signed a deal with the Frontiers label - have equal co-writing credits amongst the band. Recorded at Cobb's Nashville studio, &quot;Everything was done more or less live,&quot; says Hughes, &quot;including the vocals. Which is the reverse of how I've always done things&quot;.<br /><br />The end result is a sound that combines all the classic rock elements of BCC -- big, meat-cleaver riffs and heart-rending vocals -- but with a 21st century gloss that comes from working with someone as up-to-the-minute and talented as Watt (whose previous music can be heard at his Soundcloud page and on the track below, with video directed by Mick Rock).<br /><br />Look out for Midnight Oil, a raunchy Stones-esque rocker with breathless female backing vocals, deep groove rhythms and face-smacking guitars. The other breakout track is All Falls Down, the kind of spine-tingling pop-rock-who-knows-what that starts all colour and light and finishes all towering harmonies, back-arching guitars and epidemic-sized catchiness.<br /><br />There are others but, as Hughes says, &quot;This, I promise, is going to be something special.&quot;<br /><br />Glenn Hughes: vocals, bass guitar<br />Jason Bonham: drums<br />Andrew Watt: guitars<br /><br />Produced by Dave Cobb{% endraw %}
