---
title: "BREAKING NEWS!! This New Sodium Ion Battery Is About To Hit The Market!!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/3SF_HDIBo3s\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "3SF_HDIBo3s"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["tesla","elon musk","tesla news"]
date: "2022-06-03T05:52:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-06-02T18:03:52Z"
duration: "PT10M19S"
viewcount: "2547"
likeCount: "126"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Tesla Domain"
---
{% raw %}Covering the topics of New Battery Technology, AMTE Battery, Sodium Ion Battery Tech, Faradion Amte, and more!<br /><br />Don´t forget to leave your comments below and to support the channel by liking the video and subscribing. Thanks!<br /><br />Subscribe To The Tesla Domain ➡ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2ECNiWk">https://bit.ly/2ECNiWk</a><br /><br />WATCH NEXT 👇<br /><br />✅ Why Sodium Ion Batteries Are a REAL THREAT To Lithium Ion Batteries<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/zKkUgb0Aass">https://youtu.be/zKkUgb0Aass</a><br /><br />🔥 RELATED VIDEOS:<br /><br />✅ INCREDIBLE!!! This NEW Tesla Patent Will Make Ultra Tough and Cheaper Cars!!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/uB4JYEeBrNU">https://youtu.be/uB4JYEeBrNU</a><br /><br />✅ ALERT 🚨 !!! Tesla Partner CATL Just Introduced A FIRST GEN HYPER EFFICIENT Sodium-Ion Battery!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/3hVX9Agz0xI">https://youtu.be/3hVX9Agz0xI</a><br /><br />✅ GAMEOVER!!! This NEW Tesla Patent Could Reduce Costs Up To 33%!!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/QjtYZpuunto">https://youtu.be/QjtYZpuunto</a><br /><br />✅ IT´S A FACT!! Tesla 4680 Battery Cells First Samples Ready To Go!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/kbJNeIRLf50">https://youtu.be/kbJNeIRLf50</a><br /><br />If you have had any sort of brush against the EV or electric market in the past few years, chances are you have already heard the following story a couple of dozen times. Lithium-Ion batteries have been used for decades, they were good, but now they are not energy-dense enough for transportation applications, are too expensive, have safety concerns, and most importantly are not scalable enough moving forward.<br />And if you’re familiar with that story, you are probably also familiar with the fact that as of right now, more than half a hundred companies are working pretty hard to develop a solution to that problem.<br />But here’s the thing, even though there are a lot of solutions trying to obtain stuff like better power numbers, better charging speeds, and a safer way to make them, none of the major options are really working towards a battery that is actually good for the world, not just for a niche application.<br />Because here’s the thing, as fun as it is to have cars that can charge in 10 minutes and then take you on a 1000-mile journey or whatever, those batteries are potentially the most expensive, environmentally damaging, and impractical solutions in all places except cars.<br />So, what is one to do?<br />Well, according to one Scottish company, the answer lies in the form of an often-overlooked type of cell, the humble Sodium-Ion battery.<br />You see, since 1997, the UK-traded AMTE Power has been one of the foremost manufacturers of high-quality lithium-ion batteries which they have been supplying to a range of markets like automotive, aerospace, defense, oil &amp; gas, and even a recently growing field of interest, renewable energy storage.<br />But over the past few years, they have been focusing more and more on what they think is the natural future of battery technology. As the company puts it<br />“As a battery cell manufacturer, AMTE Power’s product is central to energy systems – we develop cells for use in stationary storage systems, using traditional lithium-ion chemistry as well as developing a range of sodium-ion based solutions.”<br /><br />___________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />🤩 The Tesla Domain is the Number 1 channel to go when you want to be up to date with the latest Tesla news, rumors, and insights. Covering everything related to Elon Musk, Tesla, Space X, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Hyperloop, and the EV industry as a whole! We post videos about every Tesla vehicle, including the Cybertruck, Model 3, Model Y, Model S, Model X, Semi, Roadster, and all the other upcoming EVs from different car manufacturers! <br />___________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />🥸 Disclaimer: All the information provided on this channel and/or videos is of general nature and for entertainment purposes only, and you should use it as a place to start your own research. All reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the information provided, working with sources that we believe to be reliable, but subject to change at any time, without notice.<br />___________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />🗣 Copyright Disclaimer: Section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Act states: “Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright.” <br /><br />This video could contain certain copyrighted video clips, pictures, or photographs that were not specifically authorized to be used by the copyright holder(s), but which we believe in good faith are protected by federal law and the fair use doctrine for one or more of the reasons noted above.<br /><br />For copyright issues or business inquiries please contact us at successpillyt@gmail.com<br /><br />#elonmusk #tesla #thetesladomain{% endraw %}
