---
title: "YES, YOU WILL BE PERSECUTED - St Michael The Archangel To Luz De Maria end times"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/zAK1FZ1d5Uo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "zAK1FZ1d5Uo"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["end times","YOU WILL BE PERSECUTED","luz de maria"]
date: "2022-02-03T03:46:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-30T12:00:36Z"
duration: "PT13M53S"
viewcount: "11882"
likeCount: "675"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "End Times"
---
{% raw %}You should continually examine yourselves so that neither your works nor your behavior would lead you to give testimony contrary to the Divine Love that warns you.<br />People of God, do not stray onto other paths: continue fulfilling the Divine Will so that you would remain safe.<br />Humanity needs to be in union with the Most Holy Trinity, with Our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth, with the Commandments of God’s Law.<br />Humanity is easily deceived due to its lack of Faith, due to an infinity of liberal ideas, sects and ideologies that, dressed up as good, are circulating without the People of God realizing their purpose, which is to lead them astray and to make them fall completely into the hands of evil.<br /><br />Support this work - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOn-xZzmfFYqDtSjY3O2uIQ/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOn-xZzmfFYqDtSjY3O2uIQ/join</a><br /><br />End Times - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOn-xZzmfFYqDtSjY3O2uIQ">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOn-xZzmfFYqDtSjY3O2uIQ</a><br /><br />Private revelation is an authentic revelation (through word) addressed to the individual, which, however, does not impose on all the direct obligation of faith (and which is not communicated by God to the Magisterium of the Church for guardianship and public announcement). [YC 10]<br /><br />Such mystical revelation to the individual for the guidance of his life and for his salvation is entirely possible; respecting it may be an obvious duty of faith for that individual. To recognize such a revelation as authentic requires compliance with the ecclesiastical revelation (general revelation in Jesus Christ). Also, such an authentic private revelation, taking place in the depths of conscience, may be deformed or misinterpreted by man; exaltation and fanaticism are often the source of delusions which are subjective, sudden manifestations of the subconscious and which are misinterpreted as private revelation.<br />Authentic private revelations can also form the basis of an individual's prophetic mission to the Church, but that does not mean that they can be regarded as an improvement or even a supplement to the final revelation in Jesus Christ - it is absolutely not possible; they can only inspire the Church to act adapted to the ever-changing situation, but always in accordance with the one and unchanging Gospel.<br /><br />K. Rahner, H. Vorgrimler, Small Theological Dictionary.<br /><br />#EndTimes #apocalypse #jesus<br /><br />the message of St. Archangel Michael, Luz de Maria de Bonilla, Michael the Archangel, The Message of Mary, Gisella Cardia, The Message of Mary Trevignano, Pedro Regis,<br /><br />end times, servants of christ, message of the end times, messages of the end times, apocalypse, end times prophecies, trevignano romano, bible, God, Jesus, faith, medjugorie, apparitions of the mother of god, taylor marshall, rosary, holy rosary, EWTN, divine mercy chaplet, end of the world, Church Militant, revelation, prophecy, signs of the end times, end times signs, end times prophecy, Return To Tradition, virgin mary, bible prophecy, faith in god, Mother &amp; Refuge of the End Times<br /><br />#Message #luzdemariadebonilla #TrevignanoRomano #JesusMessage #medjugorie #MaryMessage #NewOrder #PedroRegis #GiselleCardia #MichaelArchangel{% endraw %}
