---
title: "Inflation Hits A 40 Year High But that Nothing Compared To How Much These Items Went Up!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/q8dSJ9gsx3c\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "q8dSJ9gsx3c"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Banks","Bank","Bitcoin"]
date: "2022-01-15T20:55:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-15T15:41:26Z"
duration: "PT9M36S"
viewcount: "6314"
likeCount: "1584"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Economic Ninja"
---
{% raw %}Inflation Hits A 40 Year High But that Nothing Compared To How Much These Items Went Up!<br />Powell To Crash Economy Says No Need For Aggressive Stimulus<br />Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell called high inflation a “severe threat” to a full economic recovery and said Tuesday the central bank was preparing to raise interest rates because the economy no longer needed emergency support.<br /><br />Subscribe to our website for more news and information:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://economicninja.org/">https://economicninja.org/</a><br />Affiliate links:<br />Silver &amp; Gold Deals<br />Where the Ninja buys Silver (Compare price between the two):  <br />For small orders with low shipping and premiums use:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sdbullion.com/ninja">https://sdbullion.com/ninja</a><br />-or- <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.anrdoezrs.net/click-100451700-10959597">https://www.anrdoezrs.net/click-100451700-10959597</a> <br />For (Silver Bufalo Deal) orders over $1500 The Ninja has set up special pricing on #Gold &amp; #Silver here:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://economicninja.org/order/">https://economicninja.org/order/</a><br /><br />DISCLAIMER: EVENTHOUGH I TALK ABOUT CURRENCIES, CRYPTOCURRENCIES, TOKENS, PRECIOUS METALS, AND OTHER &quot;MARKETS&quot;. I WANT TO STATE THAT I AM NOT A FINANCIAL ADVISER. THESE VIDEOS ARE BASED UPON MY OPINION ONLY. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR OWN TRADING AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES<br />DISCLAIMER: I am not a financial adviser. I only express my opinion based on my experience. Your experience may be different. These videos are for educational and inspirational purposes only. Investing of any kind involves risk. While it is possible to minimize risk, your investments are solely your responsibility. It is imperative that you conduct your own research. There is no guarantee of gains or losses on investments. This interview was done on the behalf of American Pacific Mining Corp as a Sponsored Interview. The Economic Ninja does not own American Pacific Mining Corp Stock.<br /><br />AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE: Some of the links on this channel are affiliate links, meaning, at NO additional cost to you, I may earn a commission if you click through and make a purchase and/or subscribe. However, this does not impact my opinion. We recommend them because they are helpful and useful, not because of the small commissions we make if you decide to use their services. Please do not spend any money on these products unless you feel you need them or that they will help you achieve your goals.<br /><br />Foreclosure Festival, Eviction, Ford F150, Jamie Dimon, Henry Blodget, Moore's Law, Knightsbridge Concierge, Buy Nothing Club, Merrill Lynch, Bank of America, Well Fargo, Morgan Stanley, Maye Musk. Erdogen, Misery Index, Wharton School of Business, New Fed Chairman, Paul Rudd,  Bank of America, Hedges against inflation, Michael Burry, Shiba Inu, Crazy Economic News, High Energy costs, economy news, economy collapse, economy about to crash, economic bubble, Bill Ackman Bond Market, UK retail, cardboard shortage,  economy forecast 2022, Jim Cramer Investment Club, Shib, Doge Coin, Joseph Dreamhouse, Bank of England, Global Supply Chains, The Fed, Jerome Powell, Porsche Car Sales, UK Gas, Peter Thiel, Scott Walters, Forbearance ending, consumer sentiment, Jeff Bezos, EV, Rental Assistance,  Cargo Ship traffic, CPI,  new stimulus checks, Litecoin Walmart, Wells Fargo fines, Evictions, Peter Schiff, Inflation tax, Stagflation, shrinkflation,  Automation in business, AI. Retirement. millennial money, Graham Stephan, Closed Credit Lines, Supply Chain Broken, banking playbook, Free Rent, PUA, moratorium, International monetary policy, remote workers, Trade Deficit, Jobs numbers, Credit Lines, Inflation pressure, Bank of England, Banks closing, Credit Lines Closing, U.K.’s consumer price index, European Business, Germany, Shrinkflation. Jobs number, 4th Stimulus Check, nightmare economy, Prepping, Silver,ore Info On Hidden kronos ransomware attack kronos workforce management{% endraw %}
