---
title: "Are Women More Sexually Attracted To Men With More Muscles"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/kXRPpQeeaYk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "kXRPpQeeaYk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["what body type is more desired","women preffer this body type","should you be big or lean"]
date: "2022-03-19T21:10:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-18T19:49:50Z"
duration: "PT5M11S"
viewcount: "8494"
likeCount: "420"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dr Sam Robbins"
---
{% raw %}Best Vitamins For Increasing Testosterone &amp; Libido, Naturally<br />👉 <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://drsam.co/s/yt/GrowBiggerMuscles">https://drsam.co/s/yt/GrowBiggerMuscles</a><br /><br />Doctor Reveals The 4 Primary Ways To Build Muscle <br />👉 <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6ZSOu2CinM">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6ZSOu2CinM</a>   <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.drsamrobbins.com/?p=10114">http://www.drsamrobbins.com/?p=10114</a><br /><br /><br />=<br />Are Women More Sexually Attracted To Men With More Muscles<br />=<br />Today’s topic is for any guy who would like to be more attractive to women, regardless of your age ….<br /><br />Or if you’re single, in a relationship or even married … so you can keep the attraction going in your current relationship.<br /><br />And this has to do with muscles - what are women really attracted to and what does the research reveal? <br /><br />Is it a man that’s <br />A skinny<br />Lean<br />Athletic<br />Very muscular<br /><br />And before I reveal that statistics and scientific data, allow me to share a little bit of history about myself.<br /><br />One thing before I forget, at the end of this video I’ll give you a link to another video I created with over 10 million views about 4 Primary Ways To Build Muscle. <br /><br />So, a little history about myself.<br /><br />When I was 14 years old, I was playing Freshman basketball in the 9th grade. I was tall and skinny. <br /><br />The coach wanted me to play varsity basketball the next year - but, I needed to gain some muscle.<br /><br />So, where am I going with all of this? <br /><br />Well, today’s topic is about women and if they are more sexually attracted to guys with more muscles? <br /><br />Do they prefer a muscular guy, instead of a skinny guy?<br /><br />Well, multiple types of research have continually shown that yes, women prefer men with more muscles.<br /><br />But, what defines “more muscle”?<br /><br /><br /><br />NINO: You can use regular human images if you’d prefer<br /><br />Different studies basically broke things down into 4 body types<br /><br />Skinny<br />Lean<br />Athletic<br />Built<br /><br />So, let me just get to the bottom line and save you time.<br /><br />The “skinny” guy always came in last place, at less than 5% of women preferring this body type.<br /><br />The super “built” guy, who is probably more like a bodybuilder, he came in 3rd place at around 15-20% preference by women.<br /><br />The “lean” guy came in 2nd place, at about 35% preference.<br /><br />And the winner was the “athletic” guy at about 45% preference.<br /><br />So, why did the results come out this way?<br /><br />Well, the surveys said and the researchers discovered that women want to feel feminine. They want to feel protected and safe.<br /><br />Thus, the skinny guy instantly loses. <br /><br />Muscles make a woman feel safe and feminine. As does height.<br /><br />However, being super muscular like a big bodybuilder can be a turn-off. It’s too much muscle. <br /><br />Women may also think the guy is too self-absorbed or vein.<br /><br />This is why the majority of women prefer the “lean” and/or “athletic” look - with athletic being the clear winner.<br /><br />Either way, being super skinny or fat is not attractive for most people.<br /><br />So, do your best to gain some muscle. <br /><br />Women also prefer more upper body muscles - such as chest, shoulders and arms. But nobody likes chicken legs or a flat ass - so, work your lower body as well.<br /><br />Another very important fact is that the leaner you are, the better and more muscular you look. Nobody is turned off by ripped six-pack abs.<br /><br />So, don’t “bulk” and get fat either as you’re trying to gain muscle.<br /><br />Of course, the next question is - great, what’s the best way to gain muscle and still be lean and have six-pack abs?<br /><br />==============­<br />Thank you for watching. Please feel free to comment, like or share with your friends.<br /><br />Visit Dr.Sam Robbins's blog for more information on your health!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.drsamrobbins.com/">http://www.drsamrobbins.com/</a><br />===============<br />Thanks<br />DrSamRobbins<br /><br />Disclaimer: As with all information, products and services, results are not guaranteed and may vary from one individual to another. The information in this video and/or at this channel is not intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional and is not intended as medical advice. It is intended as a sharing of knowledge, educational and information from the research and experience of Dr. Sam Robbins, who encourages you to make your own health care decisions based upon your research and in partnership with a qualified health care professional. <br /><br />Statements made, or solutions suggested in this video and/or at this channel, have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. They are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.{% endraw %}
