---
title: "TANZANIA 4K - Calming Music & Soundscapes With Amazing Nature Videos | 4K VIDEO ULTRA HD"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/GpFnagPzbjk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "GpFnagPzbjk"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["4k","video 4k","4k videos"]
date: "2022-02-12T15:22:08+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-12T10:00:17Z"
duration: "PT3H9S"
viewcount: "151"
likeCount: "637"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Planet Relaxation"
---
{% raw %}TANZANIA 4K - Calming Music &amp; Soundscapes With Amazing Nature Videos | 4K VIDEO ULTRA HD<br /><br />As the largest country in East Africa, Tanzania has a lot to offer visitors. It is best known for its expansive areas of wilderness and amazing wildlife, making it the ideal place to go on a safari.<br />Tanzania is home to some of Africa's most famous national parks and natural attractions, including majestic Mount Kilimanjaro. Consequently, the most popular things to do in Tanzania and the reason many people visit the country, are the safaris and wildlife-related adventures.<br />Most visitors will find themselves passing through Dar es Salaam and heading out to the wilderness areas and other destinations. For those who want to spend some time soaking up the sun, the beautiful beaches of Zanzibar beckon.<br /><br />#Tanzania #4knature #relaxingmusic<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Welcome to Planet Relaxation!!!<br /><br />The goal at this channel to provide beautiful scenery, stunning, amazing nature and relaxation film with calming music, soothing music, peaceful music, relaxing music and soundscapes in 4K video ultra HD. <br />The videos is perfect to relax, study, sleep, stress relief, or focus on something. You can also use this music as a background for meditation or yoga<br />Let's enjoy the journey about the world's most stunning places with Planet Relaxation.<br /><br />Like, Subscribe and Share to immerse yourself in the beauty of our planet.<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Music provided by EMVN<br />Submit your music: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://emvn.co/submitDemo">http://emvn.co/submitDemo</a><br />Contacts: network@emvn.co<br /><br />Track list:<br />00:00 | 0. 01_Nhạc Thiền Giai Điệu Nhẹ Nhàng Và Thư Giãn<br />29:02 | 1. 04_Thư Giãn Với Tiếng Piano Thanh Tịnh <br />49:24 | 2. 03_Nhạc Thiền Thư Giãn Tràn Đầy Năng Lượng<br />01:05:16 | 3. 06_Nhạc Thiền Nhẹ Nhàng Và Tịnh Tâm Giúp Tâm Hồn Thư Giãn<br />01:25:34 | 4. 07_Nhạc Thiền Giúp Đẩy Lùi Năng Lượng Tiêu Cực<br />01:46:16 | 5. 05_Nhạc Không Lời Hay Giúp Thư Giãn Tịnh Tâm Dễ Ngủ<br />02:07:12 | 6. 02_Giai Điệu Thư Giãn Không Lời Của Piano Để Học tập Và Nghỉ Ngơi <br />02:18:58 | 7. 08_Nhạc Thiền Dùng Để Chữa Bệnh, Thư Giãn Tâm Hồn Và Sức Khỏe<br />02:39:50 | 8. 06_Nhạc Thiền Nhẹ Nhàng Và Tịnh Tâm Giúp Tâm Hồn Thư Giãn<br /><br />Follow Artists:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://emvn.fanlink.to/MelosyPublishing">https://emvn.fanlink.to/MelosyPublishing</a><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />►All rights belong to their respective owners.<br />✔ This video was given a special license directly from the artists and the right holders.{% endraw %}
