---
title: "Andrew Tuttle and Padang Food Tigers - An Appropriate Bluff (Official Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/-2osiabKB6Q\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "-2osiabKB6Q"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Andrew","Tuttle","Padang"]
date: "2022-04-08T21:57:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-02-04T20:14:27Z"
duration: "PT5M58S"
viewcount: "279"
likeCount: "10"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Bedroom Suck Records"
---
{% raw %}Order Vinyl ~ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://private-eyes.bedroomsuckrecords.com/">https://private-eyes.bedroomsuckrecords.com/</a><br /><br />As the world was closing its doors in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, calendars were cleared. Amidst the confusion and apprehension of change and disorder, a silver lining of free time created opportunities and space for new musical collaborations. The forthcoming release from the Bedroom Suck Records ‘Private Eyes’ series,  A Cassowary Apart from Andrew Tuttle and Padang Food Tigers is the result of such a collaboration. <br /><br />The relationship between Andrew Tuttle, Spencer Grady and Stephen Lewis of Padang Food Tigers began organically, as they had known of each other’s music before the pandemic. Tuttle jokes, “Given the size of the ambient banjo music scene, we’d been fans of each other’s music for a while. While we were chatting online, COVID hit and we decided to write a few songs.” <br /><br />With other projects on hold, the album was written at respective home studios between London and Brisbane entirely over email; Andrew Tuttle and Padang Food Tigers have actually never met in person. Files were sent back and forth across different time zones, creating a collaboration that continued around the clock. <br /><br />“It worked really well [the time zone difference], because that way, when you woke up there was something for you…a little treat to start the day. We worked on this album on and off for about five months - or Three Thousand, Four Hundred and Fifty-Six hours.”<br /><br />The influence of COVID restrictions is evident in more than just the title (appropriately inspired by the Cassowary ‘1.5 meters apart’ analogy at Cairns airport.) In this project, each musician primarily used the main instrumentation from their own respective projects, but the freedom of working on something new allowed the opportunity to play their preferred instruments in new ways and with new tunings. Despite working from different corners of the world, the collaboration was so intertwined that it became murky of who did what on the record. The fusing of sonics truly exemplifies the total trust and depth of their collaborative process.<br /><br /> “It’s made via such distance, but that’s not a big deal.. we’ve all come to terms with distance. The approach of the record is really just the sign of the times. Although it limits us, it makes certain things possible.” <br /><br />'An Appropriate Bluff' is the second single from 'A Cassowary Apart', the first collaborative release from Andrew Tuttle and Padang Food Tigers. The full release will be available digitally + on limited edition vinyl through Bedroom Suck Records on February 12th, 2021. <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bedroomsuckrecords.com">https://bedroomsuckrecords.com</a> <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://private-eyes.bedroomsuckrecords.com/">https://private-eyes.bedroomsuckrecords.com/</a>{% endraw %}
