---
title: "HOW TO MAKE INNOVATION & CHANGE HAPPEN: Innovation Keynote Speaker Jeremy Gutsche on How to Innovate"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ZgdZfFA6v3I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ZgdZfFA6v3I"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["innovation keynote speaker","speach on innovation","innovation keynote"]
date: "2022-05-19T17:09:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-04-30T15:42:16Z"
duration: "PT30M1S"
viewcount: "3874368"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Jeremy Gutsche - Innovation Keynote Speaker"
---
{% raw %}Innovation Keynote Speaker Jeremy Gutsche's best speech on innovation and change, based on his newest award-winning book: CREATE THE FUTURE: Tactics for Disruptive Thinking, which explores: how to innovate new ideas, how to create a culture of innovation and how to make innovation &amp; change happen.  Learn more at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.CreateTheFutureBOOK.com">https://www.CreateTheFutureBOOK.com</a><br /><br />NEW FOR 2021: Create The Future is a Gold Medal Winner of the Axiom International Book Awards<br /><br />This innovation keynote speech is a summary of Jeremy's next innovation book (&quot;CREATE THE FUTURE&quot;) which teaches how to innovate new ideas and how to spark innovation and change.  The underlying message is that you have so much potential within your grasp, yet you are blinded by certain traps that impact all smart and successful people.  If you can unlock those traps, you will better be more innovative, you will create a culture of innovation and creativity and you will be more likely to realize new levels of success. In short, you will learn to make innovation and change actually happen.  <br /><br />This keynote speech ranked #1 as Jeremy's highest rated / top speech on innovation based on the quantitative results of the last four Future Festivals.  Future Festival is a 15-city event that is designed to be the world's best innovation conference, combining innovation keynote talks, trend keynotes, futuristic experiences and innovation workshops.  The experience is presented by Trend Hunter's Futurists and top innovation keynote speakers. If you want to learn how to innovate new ideas, this is a must-attend event.  <br /><br />In addition, if you want to learn how to innovate new ideas, how to create a culture of innovation and get better at innovation, creativity and change, Jeremy has 3 hours of innovation keynote speaker videos on Youtube, summarizing his lessons from helping 600 brands, billionaires, CEOs and NASA in their endeavors to accelerate innovation and change. <br /><br />LEARN HOW TO INNOVATE NEW IDEAS IN 3 HOURS OF YOUTUBE LESSONS:<br />If you want to learn how to innovate, you can join more than 10,000,000 people who have watched Jeremy's best innovation keynote speaker videos.  This is recommending viewing order to get the most from the lessons:<br /><br />1. How to Make Innovation and Change Happen / How to Innovate New Ideas - 30 minutes - THIS video! :)  this keynote speaker video is the best introduction to Jeremy's work because it introduces the concept of your full potential and what you need to unblock yourself.  In short, you have so much potential within your grasp, and yet your own success can blind you from realizing new opportunities.  <br /><br />2. Better and Faster - 30 minutes - Jeremy's most watched innovation keynote (with over 10,000,000 views) based on his New York Times Bestselling book by the same name. This speech about your creativity explores how to get better at innovation while introducing the 6 patterns of opportunity.  The patterns are the core of Trend Hunter's methodology for identifying trends and predicting where the future is headed.<br /><br />3. Disrupt or be Disrupted - 30 minutes - an exciting keynote on disruptive innovation and future trends, explaining how disruption happens and how you can predict areas that are ripe for disruptive innovation using Trend Hunter's Top 18 Megatrends.<br /><br />4. How to Win The Future (Part 1) - 30 minutes - Most closely linked to this new keynote, this video explores similar concepts with some overlap.  In short if this is Part 1 of Jeremy's next book, the current video is Part 2.   The main difference is that this keynote explores the pace of change and tactics he's learned in his work helping to reinvent the Chicago Tribune.<br /><br />5. AI and The Super Future - 30 minutes - If you watched Jeremy's other innovation keynote videos you are now primed to dream a bit deeper into the future with this keynote, which is a much different style.  This deep dive is less of a TED Talk style speech and more of a classroom lesson about how AI will reshape our world over the next 5-10 years.  It is an introduction to the topic that combines a few fundamental lessons with Trend Hunter's predictions about where disruptive innovation and creativity are headed in a world accelerated by AI.<br /><br />6. Exploiting Chaos - 30 minutes - based on Jeremy's award-winning bestseller, Exploiting Chaos, this keynote dives into how chaos and change create opportunity.  People get intimidated by periods of rapid change, like bubbles of opportunity or recessions, but actually these are the time periods when consumer desires evolve, and if you are able to spot those evolving needs, you can thrive.  This keynote video is a decade old but the lessons remain relevant today.<br /><br />If you want to book Jeremy to speak about innovation at your event, visit JeremyGutsche.com.  If Jeremy can't make it, he also has a team of top futurists who could inspire your group.  You can see his 8 best innovation keynote speakers and futurists at: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.TrendHunter.com/futurists">https://www.TrendHunter.com/futurists</a>{% endraw %}
