---
title: "Elon Musk Just LAUNCHED INSANE Satellite Melter That Will SHOCK Russian Spy Sats!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pqh_XbUcEx8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pqh_XbUcEx8"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Elon Musk","spacex news","elon musk news"]
date: "2022-03-29T23:19:51+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-29T20:00:09Z"
duration: "PT8M4S"
viewcount: "285"
likeCount: "51"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Elon Musk Evolution"
---
{% raw %}Elon Musk has always been a person that people can look up to, in order to create something new that will save the world. And in times of war between Ukraine and Russia people are hoping to launch something that can shock Russian spy sats. <br /><br />Like every time, Musk didn't disappoint. Currently, he is working on a satellite melter that can destroy an enemy's satellite in a matter of seconds.<br /><br />Well, stay tuned to the end of the video and get to know more about it.<br /><br />Hello everyone,<br />And welcome to Elon Musk Evolution.<br /><br />If you're a musk fan and don't want to miss anything about this incredible person, then smack the subscribe button and hit the bell icon so that you will be notified whenever a new video is uploaded. <br /><br />In today’s video, we are going to tell you about the gladiator satellite that can melt other satellites.<br /><br />So, with that being said, Let’s get started.<br /><br />SpaceX's ability to launch some of the U.S. Air Force's satellites is nothing short of the beginning of a process that will result in a top-to-bottom rethinking of the way the U.S. Air Force approaches its space operations. <br /><br />It is clear that Air Force officials want to move more quickly on addressing emerging threats and future missions in space, and that the service is increasingly looking at start-ups as a means to address a deepening sense that America's dominance in space is slipping away.<br /><br />The objective is to protect our satellites and spacecraft from cyber-warfare and missile attacks. We believe that this is important because, in wartime or during a national emergency, space weapons could be used to impede navigation, surveillance, communication, and other functions.<br /><br />Interestingly, this change comes at a time when the space domain is already receiving increased attention from lawmakers and the Department of Defense, as well as more defense dollars in the years to come. <br /><br />A large part of his job involves developing funding programs for new satellites and rockets. With potential adversaries like Russia honing their capabilities in the space domain, threats and challenges in the space domain now move much faster. <br /><br />Musk said, &quot;I really see a need to go fast. We are developing ways to go fast.&quot;<br /><br />However, there is no doubt that, as more and more countries develop advanced rocketry programs and cyber capabilities, it is becoming more and more difficult to defend critical military satellite systems that provide air, ground, and sea forces with intelligence, communications, navigation, and targeting capabilities.<br /><br />In a war with a sophisticated adversary - like Russia or China - those satellites would probably be targeted first. Several countries (including the United States) have successfully tested anti-satellite weapons that can destroy satellites in orbit. <br /><br />There have also been concerns expressed by military officials regarding cyber vulnerabilities that could be exploited by a hostile party to jam satellite transmissions or otherwise disable space assets remotely.<br /><br />As Musk stated, &quot;We are at a time when space is contested like never before.” In those remarks, Musk advocated for a future in which a separate space force might exist within the Department of Defense.<br /><br />And concerned about trends, the Pentagon wants to beef up capabilities in space defense and warfare. They're looking beyond the traditional supply chain - where rockets and satellites take years to develop - to technology start-ups that can provide hardware and software faster and more cost-effectively.<br /><br />#Elon #Musk #SpaceX #Tesla #Leaked #Talks #Success #Goals #Inspire<br />_<br />Hope you guys enjoy this!      <br />👉 If you enjoy this video, please like it and share it.      <br />👉 Don't forget to subscribe to this channel for more updates.    <br /><br />Thanks for watching! If you know someone who could use this video, share it with them!<br /><br />Tags:<br />Elon Musk, Spacex, Tesla, Spacex starship, Starship, Starship launch, Spacex news, Spacex news today, Tesla news today, Tesla news, Tech, Technology, Elon, Musk, Rocket, Elon Musk interview, New Tech, High tech, Business news, Breaking news, Exposed, Spacex test, Tesla and Spacex, Spacex rocket, Starship Spacex, Spacex today, Space x, Inspirational, Motivational, Speech, Speeches, Worldwide news, Inspire, Goals, Succes, Talks, Leaked, Elon Musk news, Elon Musk today, Elon Musk Motivation<br /><br />► Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise. Moreover, Elon Musk Evolution is an Elon Musk fan channel and all the information on the site is the product of the script writer's imagination.Viewer's discretion is advised.{% endraw %}
