---
title: "Manchester United Latest News 25 January 2022"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Zu25sijPuxs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Zu25sijPuxs"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["Manchester United","Man Utd","Red Devils"]
date: "2022-01-25T19:20:50+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-25T10:46:40Z"
duration: "PT13M31S"
viewcount: "2349"
likeCount: "59"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Moe WB"
---
{% raw %}Join this channel to get access to perks:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC7pW8aiq_HfW0DTqZu-1Vg/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC7pW8aiq_HfW0DTqZu-1Vg/join</a><br />Don't forget to subscribe<br />1) Anthony Martial set to join Sevilla on loan Today<br /><br />Manchester United forward Anthony Martial is expected to arrive in Spain in the coming hours ahead of completing his loan move to Sevilla.<br /><br />Sky Sports claim the La Liga side have agreed to pay Martial’s £240,000 per week wages, which was the stumbling block to the deal before.<br /><br /><br />2) Newcastle United set to make a new attempt to sign Manchester United star Jesse Lingard<br /><br />According to the transfer specialist, Fabrizio Romano on Twitter, Newcastle United are expected to come back with a new attempt to sign Manchester United star Jesse Lingard in the January transfer window. With the January transfer window set to close at the end of the month, there is little time for the Magpies to make their move.<br /><br />Lingard will see his contract with the Red Devils expire at the end of the 2021-22 campaign. Newcastle are vying to secure his signature at least until the end of the season when he will become a free agent. They are engaged in negotiations with his representatives to discuss the terms surrounding a potential move.<br /><br /><br />3) AC Milan still interested in Man Utd defender Eric Bailly<br /><br />AC Milan remain interested in signing Manchester United defender Eric Bailly this month, Italian publication Gazzetta dello Sport claims.<br /><br />The Ivorian is currently the fourth-choice centre-back at the Red Devils with Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof ahead of him in the pecking order.<br /><br /><br />4) Ralf Rangnick challenges Marcus Rashford to earn back his first team spot at Manchester United<br /><br />Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick wants Marcus Rashford to continue his goalscoring form and earn back his first-team spot.<br /><br />Rashford has been heavily criticised for his poor performances this season, with many even doubting his ability at the highest level.<br /><br /><br />5) Scott McTominay snubs Dubai holiday for a golf break in Scotland<br /><br />While several of Manchester United’s players have opted to take short warm weather breaks in Dubai, Scott McTominay decided not to.<br /><br />Instead the midfielder has returned to his native Scotland for a break, where he has been playing golf.<br /><br />The Scotland international shared a picture on his Instagram feed, displaying how he had been spending his time off.<br /><br /><br />6) Fabrizio Romano reveals Update on Denis Zakaria<br /><br />Respected journalist Fabrizio Romano has provided an update on rumoured Manchester United target and Borussia Monchengladbach star Denis Zakaria.<br /><br />The talented midfielder is seen as an easy purchase in a position Ralf Rangnick desperately needs to invest in but it seems a transfer isn’t expected to happen.<br /><br />Romano claimed German clubs Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund are the main ones chasing his signature and that a Premier League move was unlikely.<br /><br /><br />7) Manchester United 'in touch with Boubacar Kamara agent over £10m January deal'<br /><br />Manchester United have reportedly spoken to Boubacar Kamara's agent over a potential move for the Marseille midfielder before the end of the January transfer window.<br /><br />The 22-year-old's contract with his Ligue 1 outfit is due to expire at the end of June, and he is widely expected to seek pastures new this year, either leaving in a cut-price deal this month or on a free this summer.<br /><br /><br />8) Barcelona 'hopeful of keeping Ronald Araujo amid Man United, Liverpool links'<br /><br />Barcelona are reportedly confident of retaining the services of defender Ronald Araujo.<br />The 22-year-old has been a regular in the team this season, making a total of 17 starts and six substitute appearances in all competitions.<br /><br />However, with less than 18 months remaining on his contract, the Uruguayan has naturally been linked with a whole host of other clubs, including Manchester United, Liverpool and Chelsea.<br /><br /><br /><br />#ManchesterUnited<br />#MUFC<br />#Transfer<br /><br />Manchester United<br />Man United<br />Manchester United Today<br />Manchester United News<br />Latest Manchester United News<br />Manchester United Latest News January 2022<br />Manchester United Latest News January<br />MAN UTD<br />MUFC<br />Manchester United Breaking News<br />Manchester United Daily News<br />Manchester United Transfer News<br />Manchester United Today News<br /><br /><br />Old Trafford<br />Premier League<br />English Premier League<br />Daily Football News<br />Latest Football News<br />Transfer<br />Transfer Window<br />Transfer News<br />Transfer Center<br />News<br />Daily News<br />Breaking News<br />Latest News<br /><br /><br />Marcus Rashford<br />Edinson Cavani<br />Paul Pogba<br />Raphael Varane<br />Cristiano Ronaldo<br />Jadon Sancho<br />Bruno Fernandes<br />David De Gea<br />Solskjaer<br />Harry Maguire<br />Luke Shaw<br />Scott McTominay<br />Anthony Martial<br /><br /><br />Ralf Rangnick<br />Boubacar Kamara<br />Ronald Araujo<br />Denis Zakaria<br />Jesse Lingard<br />Marcus Rashford<br />Scott McTominay<br />Anthony Martial<br />Eric Bailly<br /><br /><br />Premier League<br />Sport<br />Soccer<br />Football<br />England{% endraw %}
