---
title: "The illusion of evidence based medicine"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vZlZIXHT0yA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vZlZIXHT0yA"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["physiology","nursing","NCLEX"]
date: "2022-03-28T00:17:50+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-26T23:55:00Z"
duration: "PT32M31S"
viewcount: "368484"
likeCount: "22776"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dr. John Campbell"
---
{% raw %}The illusion of evidence based medicine<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.bmj.com/content/376/bmj.o702">https://www.bmj.com/content/376/bmj.o702</a><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.bmj.com/company/the-story-of-bmj-2/">https://www.bmj.com/company/the-story-of-bmj-2/</a><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://journals.bmj.com/home">https://journals.bmj.com/home</a><br /><br />Evidence based medicine has been corrupted by<br />corporate interests, <br /><br />failed regulation, <br /><br />and commercialisation of academia, <br /><br />argue these authors<br /><br />Jon Jureidini, research leader<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.adelaide.edu.au/directory/jon.jureidini">https://www.adelaide.edu.au/directory/jon.jureidini</a><br /><br />Research Leader, child psychiatrist Adelaide<br /><br />Leemon B. McHenry, professor emeritus<br /><br />Emeritus Professor, Cal State University<br /><br />Not commissioned, externally peer reviewed<br /><br />Solid scientific foundation for medicine<br /><br />Validity of this new paradigm<br /><br />Reliable data from clinical trials,<br /><br />Mostly conducted by the pharmaceutical industry<br /><br />THE JAPANESE JOURNAL OF ANTIBIOTICS<br />74―1 61( 61 )<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://jja-contents.wdc-jp.com/pdf/JJA74/74-1-open/74-1_44-95.pdf">http://jja-contents.wdc-jp.com/pdf/JJA74/74-1-open/74-1_44-95.pdf</a><br /><br />Global trends in clinical studies of ivermectin in COVID-19 <br /><br />Morimasa Yagisawa, Patrick J. Foster, Hideaki Hanaki, Satoshi Ōmura<br /><br />Kitasato University asked Merck &amp; Co., Inc. to conduct clinical trials of ivermectin for COVID-19 in Japan. <br /><br />This company has priority to submit an application for an expansion of ivermectin’s indications, since the original approval for the manufacture and sale of ivermectin was conferred to it. <br /><br />However, the company said that it had no intention of conducting clinical trials. <br /><br />The release into the public domain of previously confidential pharmaceutical industry documents,<br /><br />valuable insight into the degree to which industry sponsored clinical trials are misrepresented<br /><br />Until this problem is corrected, evidence based medicine will remain an illusion<br /><br />Karl Popper<br /><br />Critical rationalism,<br /><br />advocated for the integrity of science and its role in an open, democratic society<br /><br />A science of real integrity<br /><br />practitioners are careful not to cling to cherished hypotheses,<br /><br />and take seriously the outcome of the most stringent experiments<br /><br />This ideal is, however, threatened by corporations, <br /><br />financial interests trump the common good<br /><br />Medicine is largely dominated by a small number of very large pharmaceutical companies,<br /><br />that compete for market share, <br /><br />but are effectively united in their efforts to expanding that market. <br /><br />Scientific progress is thwarted by the ownership of data and knowledge because industry suppresses negative trial results, <br /><br />fails to report adverse events, <br /><br />and does not share raw data with the academic research community. <br /><br />Patients die because of the adverse impact of commercial interests on the research agenda, universities, and regulators.<br /><br />Hierarchical power structures, product loyalty, <br /><br />and public relations propaganda over scientific integrity. <br /><br />Universities, have adopted a neo-liberal market approach, <br /><br />actively seeking pharmaceutical funding on commercial terms. <br /><br />As a result, university departments become instruments of industry: <br /><br />through company control of the research agenda,<br /><br />and ghostwriting of medical journal articles and continuing medical education, <br /><br />academics become agents for the promotion of commercial products.<br /><br />The corporate university also compromises the concept of academic leadership. <br /><br />Deans, (proper academics) have in places been replaced with fundraisers and academic managers, <br /><br />who are forced to demonstrate their profitability or show how they can attract corporate sponsors. <br /><br />In medicine, those who succeed in academia are likely to be key opinion leaders <br /><br />(KOLs in marketing parlance), <br /><br />whose careers can be advanced through the opportunities provided by industry,<br /><br />physicians are selected based on their influence on prescribing habits of other physicians<br /><br />KOLs are sought out by industry for this influence and for the prestige that their university affiliation brings to the branding of the company’s products. <br /><br />KOLs present results of industry trials at medical conferences and in continuing medical education.<br /><br />Instead of acting as independent, disinterested scientists and critically evaluating a drug’s performance, they become what marketing executives refer to as “product champions.”<br /><br />While universities fail to correct misrepresentations of the science from such collaborations, <br /><br />critics of industry face rejections from journals, <br /><br />legal threats, and the potential destruction of their careers.<br /><br />This uneven playing field is exactly what concerned Popper when he wrote about <br /><br />Suppression and control of the means of science communication (Popper)<br /><br />Regulators receive funding from industry,<br /><br />and use industry funded and performed trials to approve drugs, <br /><br />without in most cases seeing the raw data. <br /><br />Drug companies, “mark their own homework”<br /><br />Our proposals for reforms<br /><br />liberation of regulators from drug company funding<br /><br />taxation imposed on pharmaceutical companies to allow public funding of independent trials<br /><br />anonymised individual patient level trial data posted, <br /><br />along with study protocols,{% endraw %}
