---
title: "Balance Chakras While Sleeping, Aura Cleansing, Release Negative Energy, 7 Chakras Healing"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/s-EDaarFuHs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "s-EDaarFuHs"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["balance chakras while sleeping","let go of negativity","all 7 chakras"]
date: "2022-02-16T17:18:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-06T17:00:22Z"
duration: "PT6H9M48S"
viewcount: "1320614"
likeCount: "26648"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Angel Healing Music"
---
{% raw %}#chakrahealingmusic<br /><br />__________________________________<br />🌞 Subscribe to be up to date with all our publications:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXu1JEW_AC6V6194Nw-0wNQ/">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXu1JEW_AC6V6194Nw-0wNQ/</a><br /><br />How to Meditate<br />Meditation is something everyone can do, here’s how.<br />Meditation is simpler (and harder) than most people think. Read these steps, make sure you’re somewhere where you can relax into this process, set a timer, and give it a shot:<br /><br />1) Take a seat<br />Find place to sit that feels calm and quiet to you.<br /><br />2) Set a time limit<br />If you’re just beginning, it can help to choose a short time, such as five or 10 minutes.<br /><br />3) Notice your body<br />You can sit in a chair with your feet on the floor, you can sit loosely cross-legged, you can kneel—all are fine. Just make sure you are stable and in a position you can stay in for a while.<br /><br />4) Feel your breath<br />Follow the sensation of your breath as it goes in and as it goes out.<br /><br />5) Notice when your mind has wandered<br />Inevitably, your attention will leave the breath and wander to other places. When you get around to noticing that your mind has wandered—in a few seconds, a minute, five minutes—simply return your attention to the breath.<br /><br />6) Be kind to your wandering mind<br />Don’t judge yourself or obsess over the content of the thoughts you find yourself lost in. Just come back.<br /><br />7) Close with kindness<br />When you’re ready, gently lift your gaze (if your eyes are closed, open them). Take a moment and notice any sounds in the environment. Notice how your body feels right now. Notice your thoughts and emotions.<br /><br />That’s it! That’s the practice. You focus your attention, your mind wanders, you bring it back, and you try to do it as kindly as possible (as many times as you need to).<br />__________________________________<br />© ANGEL HEALING MUSIC Copyright 2021 All rights reserved.<br /><br />This work is not intended to substitute for professional medical or counselling advice. If you suffer from a physical or mental illness, please always seek professional assistance. <br /><br /><br />DUE TO CONFLICTING INFORMATION, AT THIS TIME WE DO NOT RECOMMEND LISTENING TO MUSIC WITH FREQUENCIES IF YOU SUFFER FROM EPILEPSY.  if you have any concerns or other health issues you are uncertain of, please check with your medical practitioner prior to listening. <br />DO NOT DRIVE OR OPERATE MACHINERY WHILST LISTENING TO SLEEP MEDITATION MUSIC, BINAURAL BEATS OR GUIDED SLEEP RELAXATIONS.{% endraw %}
