---
title: "Finally Warp Drive is invented and Warp Engine is in Making"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ZWh2FGh7ZpY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ZWh2FGh7ZpY"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["Finally Warp Drive is invented and Warp Engine is in Making","warp drive","star trek"]
date: "2022-01-25T11:54:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-09T04:30:11Z"
duration: "PT2M1S"
viewcount: "4528"
likeCount: "103"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "WC Daily"
---
{% raw %}Finally Warp Drive is invented and Warp Engine is in Making. Travelling to the next star system may soon be possible thanks to a breakthrough with 'warp' technology that could allow astronauts to travel at hyperspeed—just like in Star Wars or Star Trek. Finally Warp Drive is invented and Warp Engine is in Making warp drive star trek physics warp drive technology warp speed warp engine warp speeds limitless warp. Interstellar travel interstellar travel possible reaching galaxies NASA space science space news elon musk spacex starship what if faster than light. Alcubierre drive alcubierre drive simulation alcubierre warp drive warp drives nasa news tech news warp drive invented Dr Harold G White tech space travel.<br /><br />Former NASA scientist and 'warp drive' expert Dr Harold G &quot;Sonny&quot; White claims to have made a breakthrough discovery that may one day let us build a warp-speed spacecraft and get to Mars even quicker than Elon Musk plans.<br /><br />His team at the Limitless Space Institute had been researching complex nano-scale structures and mind-bending quantum physics that had nothing to do with building a super-fast warp drive.<br /><br />Then one day, they suddenly made what Dr White calls 'an accidental discovery': a 'warp bubble' that could pave the way for real-life warp engines.<br /><br />The team discovered a 'nano-scale' structure that Dr White said: one could build that will generate a negative vacuum energy density distribution that is very similar to what's required for [a] space warp.<br /><br />As White and his team are focused on their original project, they have no plans to build a warp drive any time soon.<br /><br />However, they have proposed several further experiments to work out how to build a functioning warp engine. They are building a small engine as an experiment to understand how a warp bubble can help to generate warp drive with a warp engine.<br /><br />They plan to string together these 'warp bubbles' into a chain so researchers can better understand the physics behind them—and pave the way to work out how to make an actual spacecraft out of them.<br /><br />So what do you think? as Predicted by NASA will reach the next Galaxy to an exoplanet in just 100 years? As warp drive is just a few years away in reality?<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Thanks for watching.<br />This is World Conspiracy Daily<br />WC Daily<br /><br />Please post your comments below.<br /><br />#WCDaily #WarpDrive #WarpSpeed #InterstellarTravel #Warp #QuantumComputer #TimeCrystals #AI #Qauntum #WarpDrive #WarpEngine #NASA #NASANews #SpaceX #ElonMusk #Starship #SpaceNewsSonny #HaroldGWhite #SciFi #StarTrek #WarpSpeedInvented  #QuantumComputers #Physics #Newton #Sun #Space #SpaceNews #Sun #Science #Scientist #Planet #SolarSystem #Mars #Universe #Technology #TechNews #Astronomy  #Scientist #Physics<br /><br />Production:  WC Daily<br /><br /><br />Music By:  Adrian Berenguer<br />Track: Thoughts{% endraw %}
