---
title: "TOP 8 ONLINE BUSINESSES ONE CAN DO AT HOME: BUSINESS IDEAS"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/H2MYbBB9uqw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "H2MYbBB9uqw"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["As a matter of fact","Top","Most"]
date: "2022-01-30T00:43:50+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-29T18:24:11Z"
duration: "PT8M10S"
viewcount: "12"
likeCount: "1"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "As a matter of fact"
---
{% raw %}Top 8 moneymaking online internet  businesses<br />An internet business or a business carried out online using internet is one businesses that is quite simple to do despite a few challenges you may face. There are plenty of businesses that one can do online. Some are short-term and others are long-term. Today we'll take you through some of the best things you can do to earn extra money from home. Wait, someone can even make 5 million shillings a month!.<br /> <br />1 youtTube business<br />Successful online businesses require dedication and YouTube is one of them.<br />YouTube is the second-largest site in the world, so it’s no surprise that video is becoming one of the main communication mediums for businesses of all types and sizes.<br /><br />2 forex trading<br />There are several reasons why forex can be an attractive business, even for beginners who have little experience. This means that traders can get into the market at any time of day, even when other more centralized markets are closed.<br /> <br />3 affiliate marketing<br />If you love leaving customer reviews on sites like Amazon, you may want to look into affiliate marketing as a source of income. Word-of-mouth advertising is still a huge lead generator for many companies, and many businesses are willing to share a portion of their profits with persuasive individuals who will promote their products to the public.<br /><br />4 virtual assistant<br />It only takes someone with impeccable organizational skills and task management abilities for one to engage in virtual assistant business. It typically consists of basic administrative tasks like entering data, making travel arrangements, and answering phone calls. Previous experience in this field is ideal but not a benchmark. This is an online business from home worth taking on.<br /><br />5 online tutoring/teaching businesses<br />This is one of the most beneficial ventures online for people who love passing on knowledge to others.<br /><br />6 blogging<br />This is one of the oldest ecommerce business ideas. The challenge with most people is that what we call &quot;blogging&quot; is not actually &quot;blogging.&quot;<br />Real blogging is as profitable as any other online business, and for that matter, competition is quite stiff.<br /><br />7 influencing business<br />starting an online business of influencing is ideal for people with a following. An influencer is someone with a large follower base on social media who is seen as an expert in a particular area, like makeup or fitness. These people keep busy by posting regularly about their lives and promoting products that they feel are good to possess.<br /><br />8 Translator business<br />If you are gifted with more than one language but have no interest in teaching others, try translating. Many companies need their websites and collateral translated when they move into a different market. You can help them achieve it, while also keeping active in more than one language. Keep in mind that the most common method of billing is cost per word, so price wisely to make smart money from this great online business idea, and beware of scammers who are all over the internet waiting to cheat the unfortunate.<br />#internetbusiness #startinganonlinebusiness #top8{% endraw %}
