---
title: "Om is a powerful chant. The science behind it Om chanting - comprehend it via om mantra meditation"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/KUsbO94LNrk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "KUsbO94LNrk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["SHADES OF KNOWLEDGE","om","om chanting"]
date: "2022-01-26T00:43:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-21T19:05:52Z"
duration: "PT30M43S"
viewcount: "58"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "SHADES OF KNOWLEDGE"
---
{% raw %}music and typography presentation video<br /><br />OM known as the sound that created the universe.  In this video you’ll understand why it  is so powerful  while hearing om mantra chanting.<br /><br /><br /><br />Benefits of OM Chanting <br /><br />Help reduce stress<br />A NCBI research discovered that this phrase lowers activity in the limbic system, which is linked to stress and emotions. Researchers discovered that chanting soothes the brain and hence reduces stress. Another research showed it might cure depression. <br />By meditating on OM, you help yourself relax and feel rejuvenated. It also decreases stress-inducing adrenaline. That is, it helps regulate hormones and reduces mood swings.<br />Improves concentration<br />This advantage is similar to meditation. The eighth branch of yoga is Dharana, the Sanskrit term for focus.<br />To improve focus, one might meditate or repeat mantras. This indicates that the yogi is totally present and can slow down the mind to concentrate on a single issue or to complete quiet.<br /><br />Chakra’s activation<br />OM is in the connection to the body’s chakras. The main chakras are located in the body from the base of the spine to the top of the head. These chakras are like energy centres, and when they receive the influence of the sounds of the OM, they react positively, triggering internal energies and reactivating the person’s energy balance.<br /><br /><br /><br />Mitigation of stomach problems<br />Irritable bowel syndrome may be treated and improved by chanting OM, according to a Harvard research. Relaxation training reduced symptoms and anxiety in participants, according to the research, and led to a higher quality of life. Relaxation may also be achieved by reciting the sacred mantra OM, which is a frequent meditation technique.<br /><br />Improving heart health<br />In the past, meditation has been shown to improve heart health. If practiced by chanting the mantra OM several times in a row, this can be seen as a form of meditation. A 2006 study looked at the effects of transcendental meditation, a form of meditation in which the practitioner continually repeats a mantra OM, and concluded that this mantra can improve blood pressure and lower the risk of coronary heart disease.<br /><br />Helps eliminate negativity<br />The enchantment of the mantra OM creates a positive vibration in the body, which can then attract positivity in your own life. Enchantments allow you to focus on the third eye chakra and look inward. If you can’t stop negative thoughts, try chanting the mantra OM a few times, and you will only have good results.<br /><br />Improve lungs health<br />Om has real virtues for the body. It vibrates the rib cage, and the inside of the body vibrates at the sound of it. The lungs benefit from the deep exhalation that precedes it, opening fully. Breathing clears all the air from the lungs. These often contain somewhat stale air. <br /><br />Om cleans the environment<br />Chanting OM is beneficial not only for those who practice but also for those around them. Pronouncing OM produces the sacred vibrations which override the negativities circulating in the surrounding environment. Also, chanting OM maintains or prevents positivity from leaving the premises.<br /><br />Strengthens the spinal cord<br />It has been found that chanting OM while sitting (back straight) in meditation has an impact on the spinal cord. OM’s Aa sound comes from the naval root, which is found near the spinal cord. The vibrations reverberate throughout the spinal cord to revitalize the nerves. This further improves function and strengthens the spinal cord.<br /><br />Maintain the rhythmic activity of the heart<br />Chanting OM has a calming effect on the heart. It maintains the natural rhythm of the heart cycle. <br />When we start chanting OM, the sound Ooh reaches the upper body from its original navel position. This spreads throughout the practitioner’s thoracic region and preserves the natural rhythm of the heart.<br /><br />Balance your emotions<br />Chanting OM might help you connect with your inner self and regulate your emotions. As you chant, your mind may begin to clear. It's because you're focused on OM's sound or vibration. OM has the same frequency as nature, enabling profound connection and introspection.<br /><br />Greater mental alertness<br />The study found that even when already calm, OM chanting increased alertness and decreased heart rate. A group of meditators who chanted OM had a lower heart rate than a control group who thought randomly. <br />OM chanting has been demonstrated to increase mental alertness while simultaneously relaxing the body and sharpening the senses. It helps you become more present by deepening your sense of sight, hearing, smell, taste, and touch.<br /><br /><br />Improve sleep quality<br />Stress and busy lifestyles affect people’s health and sleep patterns. But People who meditate and chant OM before sleep can enjoy sleep with a more peaceful mind. Sleep rhythms gradually become regular, and quality improves.<br /><br />Credit <br />Spiritual Om Chant – Tunepocket<br />IMAGES and VIDEOS  : Canva, Pixabay, Pexels{% endraw %}
