---
title: "Ukrainian Air Force will receive 4 Mi-24 combat helicopters and 4 Mi-8 helicopters"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/bQGYZE66kQ8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "bQGYZE66kQ8"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["ukraine shoots down russian helicopter","russian helicopter","russian helicopter downed ukraine"]
date: "2022-03-10T23:36:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-10T17:34:36Z"
duration: "PT1M26S"
viewcount: "1399"
likeCount: "29"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Conflict News"
---
{% raw %}UKRAINIAN RECEIVE 4 MI-24  AND 4 MI-8 HELICOPTERS! Ukrainian Air Force will receive 4 Mi-24 combat helicopters and 4 Mi-8 helicopters from abroad<br />Over the next few days, the Ukrainian Air Force will receive 8 more helicopters from Africa for their needs. As it became known to Avia.pro journalists, this became possible due to the withdrawal of the peacekeeping contingent of the Ukrainian Armed Forces from African countries.<br />According to the data at the disposal of the editors, in the coming days, 250 people from the peacekeeping forces, as well as 8 military helicopters - 4 attack multi-purpose helicopters Mi-24 and 4 military multi-purpose helicopters Mi-8 will arrive in Ukraine in the coming days. Considering the fact that over the past few days the Ukrainian Air Force has lost most of its helicopters and aircraft, the appearance of 8 more rotorcraft in service with Ukraine is unlikely to change the overall situation, although it is possible that various kind of weapons.<br />At the moment, the United States is taking steps to transfer MiG-29 fighter jets to Ukraine. At the same time, Poland gave its consent to the presentation of these combat aircraft to the United States, however, the United States does not want to risk its bases due to the deployment of weapons destined for Ukraine, although various possibilities are being considered for the transfer of combat aircraft for the needs of Ukraine.<br />ukraine shoots down russian helicopter,russian helicopter,russian helicopter downed ukraine,russian helicopter shot down ukraine,ukraine downs russian helicopter,russian helicopter shot down,russian mi-24 hind helicopter downed,russian helicopters ukraine,russian attack helicopter,russian combat helicopters ukraine,helicopter shot down,helicopter,russian helicopters,ukraine downing russian helicopter,ukrainian soldiers shoot down russian mi-24 helicopter.<br /><br />IMPORTANT! <br />-None of these images, music &amp; video clips were created/owned by us. -This video is purely fan-made, if you (owners) have seen your content and want to remove this video, please message us privately or mail us<br />bestnews1991@gmail.com<br />before doing anything. We will respectfully remove it immediately. <br />-COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER UNDER SECTION 107 OF THE COPYRIGHT ACT 1976 <br />- Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational, or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.{% endraw %}
