---
title: "Alec Hershey - You Are ft. Substantial (That T Plus+ Remix)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/d_SCIjIE_AE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "d_SCIjIE_AE"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Alec Hershey","substantial","you are"]
date: "2022-05-06T04:05:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-03T16:33:41Z"
duration: "PT3M43S"
viewcount: "221"
likeCount: "30"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Substantial"
---
{% raw %}Preorder now: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://qrates.com/projects/26828-you-are-feat-substantial">https://qrates.com/projects/26828-you-are-feat-substantial</a><br /><br />Mellow, Jazzy, 7&quot; Vinyl to celebrate the two-year anniversary of our song, &quot;You Are&quot; - an ode to the women who hold us down -- with a new remix for the b-side.<br /><br />Alec Hershey is a producer, composer, arranger, pianist &amp; occasional lyricist from Cleveland, Ohio. &quot;You Are&quot; was his first collaboration featuring Jazz Hop Veteran &amp; frequent Nujabes collaborator, Substantial.<br /><br />The remix was produced by Tevin Zischau, aka That T Plus+. Tevin is an experimental hip-hop artist based out of Oil City, PA.<br /><br />Follow Alec Hershey<br />Twitter: @Unnamed_Shinobi<br />Instagram: @alechershey<br />Spotify: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://open.spotify.com/artist/0n0DLx9JnjPF4A6B3l2ZPX">https://open.spotify.com/artist/0n0DLx9JnjPF4A6B3l2ZPX</a><br /><br />Follow Substantial<br />Twitter: @iamsubstantial<br />Instagram: @substantialmusic<br />Spotify: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/substantialmusic">http://bit.ly/substantialmusic</a><br /><br />LYRICS<br /><br />HOOK<br />I love it when she look at me<br />Swear I love her cause she good for me.<br />Yo… I love it when it’s...<br />Yo… I love it when it’s...<br />I love it ‘cause the vibe is real<br />Yo, I loved her ‘fore I knew how to feel<br />Yo… I love it when it’s...<br />Yo… I love it when it’s...<br /><br />Verse 1<br />You are…<br />Warm embraces in foreign places<br />More than basic your smile is a cure for hatred<br />Through all the changes, our love’s one for the ages,<br />Dessert flower from a far oasis, you give us life.<br />You are…<br />Clear skies, a dimple where tears dried<br />Above smiles. Goddess of sun, above clouds<br />Sun up to sun down the vibe when you come round<br />Adds to my motivation to stay above ground<br />You are…<br />Focused passion, Hope in action,<br />Leaves sprouting from broken branches. Live on<br />Too dope to caption. You show compassion.<br />Even when I risk it all and I don’t know my chances. Press On<br />You are…<br />The first to help the last to ask for it<br />Unconditional love, no need to add an asterisks<br />My confidant and advocate<br />Mahogany artistry and my hearts inhabitant<br />You are... love.<br /><br />HOOK<br />I love it when she look at me<br />Swear I love her cause she good for me.<br />Yo… I love it when it’s right<br />Yo… I love it when it’s right<br />I love it ‘cause the vibe is real<br />Yo, I loved her ‘fore I knew how to feel<br />Yo… I love it when it’s right<br />Yo… I love it when it’s right<br /><br />BRIDGE<br /><br />VERSE 2<br />You are…<br />My old lady, a child of Haiti<br />No one better suited to guide our babies<br />I don’t doubt that you would<br />Ride through Hades and risk your life to save me<br />It’s no question that you’re my kind of crazy. Strength in numbers.<br />You are…<br />My hope and dreams personified<br />A healing spirit when my mind and soul’s been traumatized<br />And I realize you’re rarer than most we idolize<br />My now idle eyes once wandered and nearly conjured up my demise<br />But wisdom prevailed 'fore the ship had just sailed<br />I went from being long winded to the wind in your sails<br />Work and win together, God willing, we'll limited our fails<br />Hope our union inspires others by end of our tale<br /><br />FINAL HOOK{% endraw %}
