---
title: "Stop Telling People That They Need To Track Their Calories #SHORTS"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vizhIe7otV8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vizhIe7otV8"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["calorie tracking","calorie counting","myfitnesspal"]
date: "2022-03-14T06:52:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-11T17:00:46Z"
duration: "PT1M"
viewcount: "1371"
likeCount: "117"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ben Carpenter"
---
{% raw %}<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://instagram.com/bdccarpenter">http://instagram.com/bdccarpenter</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://tiktok.com/@bdccarpenter">http://tiktok.com/@bdccarpenter</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://facebook.com/bencarpenterpersonaltraining">http://facebook.com/bencarpenterpersonaltraining</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://twitter.com/bdccarpenter">http://twitter.com/bdccarpenter</a><br /><br />Calorie tracking (or calorie counting) appears to be a growing trend for people who want to lose weight.<br /><br />We all know that reducing your calorie intake is crucial for long term weight loss, and calorie counting is a meticulous way of trying to ensure that someone is in a calorie deficit.<br /><br />Which all sounds great on paper.<br /><br />But, we also need to acknowledge that calorie counting comes with risk. Multiple studies have identified an association between calorie counting apps (like MyFitnessPal) and disordered eating symptoms.<br /><br />I have worked in the fitness industry for something approaching 18 years now (gosh, I feel old) and trust me when I say, a lot of people take calorie counting to a real extreme.<br /><br />For example:<br />- Not eating out at restaurants that don't supply nutritional information on the menus<br />- Not eating at friends houses because they don't know how the food has been prepared so they can't track the calorie intake accurately<br />- Avoiding fresh food in favour of packeted food, again because the nutritional information is supplied<br />- Freaking out when there are duplicate entries in MyFitnessPal i.e., &quot;does this portion of chicken contain 105 or 110 calories?&quot;<br /><br />Like all things, calorie counting is a tool and some people love it and some people hate it.<br /><br />This is why I dislike it when coaches on social media tell all their followers that they *need* to track calories to lose weight. Not individualised advice for the client, blanket recommendations for followers.<br /><br />How can we give blanket recommendations to large numbers of people without discussing some of the risks involved?<br /><br />That's why I am making this video. Not because I dislike calorie tracking specifically, more that I dislike it when people promote it as the only way to try and lose weight.<br /><br />By being aware of the pros and cons you can make the best decisions for yourself.<br /><br />References:<br />- My Fitness Pal calorie tracker usage in the eating disorders<br />- Calorie counting and fitness tracking technology: Associations with eating disorder symptomatology<br />- My fitness pal usage in men: Associations with eating disorder symptoms and psychosocial impairment<br />- Self-monitoring has no adverse effect on disordered eating in adults seeking treatment for obesity{% endraw %}
