---
title: "DCS: F-16C Viper | March 2022 Update"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ltWbllC919A\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ltWbllC919A"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["DCS","Digital","combat"]
date: "2022-03-12T04:18:49+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-11T21:53:28Z"
duration: "PT9M13S"
viewcount: "10115"
likeCount: "903"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Matt Wagner"
---
{% raw %}WORK-IN-PROGRESS<br /><br />Growling Sidewinder Viper Flight Model Changes Preview:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/mz1ZhS78wws">https://youtu.be/mz1ZhS78wws</a><br /><br />In our next open beta update, we’ll be adding many new features to the Viper. In this video, we’ll go over the more visible items, but please consult the change log for the full list once released.<br /><br />One of the biggest items in the update has been tuning of the G onset and instantaneous turn rate, or ITR. These have been adjusted to better match public data, and we feel more accurately depicts the performance of the Viper. Please note though that you can’t simply pull 9 G in any situation, it is highly dependent on your gross weight, drag index, altitude, airspeed, and more. To provide an impartial view on these changes, we invite you to check out Growling Sidewinder’s video on these changes.<br /><br />Okay, let’s start talking about the more visible changes coming to this update.<br /><br />We have adjusted nose pitch at takeoff. It will no longer continue to rise on you un-commanded when the gear and flaps come up. To best see this, keep an eye on the boresight cross, and not the flight path vector. against the pitch ladder.<br /><br />When in an Air Combat Maneuver, or ACM, radar mode and you lock a target, you will now hear a “Lock” audio message.<br /><br />Also, when in ACM mode and you command the Slew sub-mode, the Helmet Mounted Cueing System, or HMCS, will now display just the aiming cross.<br /><br />If in Dive Toss Bombing mode, you can now designate the target by also depressing the weapon release button on the control stick.<br /><br />We’ve added three more types of inert training bombs. These include the BDU-50LD low drag training bomb, BDU-50HD high drag training bomb, and the BDU-50LGB laser-guided training bomb.<br /><br />We have added the final Markpoint option, an overfly Markpoint. To create an overfly Markpoint, select AA master mode, select MARK from the ICP, select the OFLY option, and press TMS forward twice to set the location to the next available Steerpoint in the Markpoint range of Steerpoints. The location is marked with a small yellow cross on the HSD.<br /><br />Related, to Markpoints, we have also corrected a Markpoint location sometimes drifting on the HSD.<br /><br />Although not complete, we have added several new datalink functions in this update.<br /><br />With the HSD as your Sensor of Interest, or SOI, indicated by the box around the periphery, and the COMM switch on the throttle is held to the right for greater than .5 seconds, your current steerpoint will be sent to all your flight members. Your flight members will hear a “data” message and see Markpoint and the Steerpoint number that the location was saved to, 71 to 80. They will also see a large, white cross on their HSD at the sent location. To remove, press the Warning Reset Button on the ICP. You can then slew your HSD cursor over the point and TMS forward over it to set it as your steerpoint.<br /><br />When the HSD is not SOI and you press long right on the COMM switch, your Sensor Point of Interest will be sent to your flight members. They will see it as a red tringle with a line and the reference number of the flight member. You will also see a dashed, blue line between the flight member and the target.  <br /><br />With a HARM Targeting System, or HTS, pod loaded, you can also send detected locations of radar emitters to flight members. With the HAD as your SOI, designate a contact and press the COMM switch long to the right. Your flight members will see the datalinked location as a yellow sysmbol with a strike through it.<br /><br />Also, on the HAD, we added the cursor bullseye location.{% endraw %}
