---
title: "Charlie Puth - Attention (Lyrics)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ELHobz0fORk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ELHobz0fORk"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Charlie Puth - Attention","Attention Charlie Puth","CHARLIE PUTH ATTENTION LYRICS"]
date: "2022-01-29T02:00:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-24T14:35:24Z"
duration: "PT3M46S"
viewcount: "2660598"
likeCount: "23345"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Fantastico Vibes"
---
{% raw %}Help us to reach 10k Subscriber please  support us:)<br /><br />Subscribe and press (🔔) to join the Notification Squad and stay updated with new uploads. we upload song's lyrics with beautiful wallpaper.<br /><br />📷 Wallpaper: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://unsplash.com">https://unsplash.com</a><br /><br />business inquiries: techfantastico123@gmail.com<br />©️If any producer or label has an issue with this song or picture, please get in contact with us and we will delete it immediately.<br /><br />Lyrics:<br /><br />Oh-oh, ooh<br />You've been runnin' round, runnin' round, runnin' round throwin' that dirt all on my name<br />'Cause you knew that I, knew that I, knew that I'd call you up<br />You've been going round, going round, going round every party in L.A.<br />'Cause you knew that I, knew that I, knew that I'd be at one, oh<br /><br />I know that dress is karma, perfume regret<br />You got me thinking 'bout when you were mine, oh<br />And now I'm all up on ya, what you expect?<br />But you're not coming home with me tonight<br /><br />You just want attention, you don't want my heart<br />Maybe you just hate the thought of me with someone new<br />Yeah, you just want attention, I knew from the start<br />You're just making sure I'm never gettin' over you<br /><br />you've been runnin' round, runnin' round, runnin' round throwing that dirt all on my name<br />'Cause you knew that I, knew that I, knew that I'd call you up<br />Baby, now that we're, now that we're, now that we're right here standing face-to-face<br />You already know, already know, already know that you won, oh<br /><br />I know that dress is karma (dress is karma), perfume regret<br />You got me thinking 'bout when you were mine (you got me thinking 'bout when you were mine)<br />And now I'm all up on ya (all up on ya), what you expect? (oh baby)<br />But you're not coming home with me tonight (oh no)<br /><br />You just want attention, you don't want my heart<br />Maybe you just hate the thought of me with someone new<br />Yeah, you just want attention, I knew from the start<br />You're just making sure I'm never gettin' over you, oh<br /><br />What are you doin' to me, what are you doin', huh?<br />(What are you doin'?)<br />What are you doin' to me, what are you doin', huh?<br />(What are you doin'?)<br />What are you doin' to me, what are you doin', huh?<br />(What are you doin'?)<br />What are you doin' to me, what are you doin', huh?<br /><br />I know that dress is karma, perfume regret<br />You got me thinking 'bout when you were mine<br />And now I'm all up on ya, what you expect?<br />But you're not coming home with me tonight<br /><br />You just want attention, you don't want my heart<br />Maybe you just hate the thought of me with someone new<br />Yeah, you just want attention, I knew from the start<br />You're just making sure I'm never gettin' over you (over you)<br /><br />What are you doin' to me? (hey) what are you doin', huh? (what are you doin', what?)<br />(What are you doin', to me? What are you doin', huh?)<br />(What are you doin', to me? What are you doin', huh?)<br />(What are you doin' to me, what are you doin', huh?)<br /><br />#attention #lyrics #Charlieputh{% endraw %}
