---
title: "IT HAPPENED! SpaceX NEW STARSHIP Is NOW CONFIRMED As The Best Spacecraft EVER Made!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/PeSK1vK0NHM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "PeSK1vK0NHM"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["futurity","spacex","elon musk"]
date: "2022-01-30T23:28:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-28T22:22:48Z"
duration: "PT9M44S"
viewcount: "13321"
likeCount: "379"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Future Unity"
---
{% raw %}Get Atlas VPN with a massive discount! | 86% OFF<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://atlasv.pn/FutureUnity">https://atlasv.pn/FutureUnity</a><br /><br />When it comes to SpaceX's Starship, it is easy to be impressed, as everyday people.<br />The dimensions alone are huge and awe inspiring to stare at against the sky. And when<br />you hear the Starship can lift more than 100 tons to orbit at a time, it unlocks a new<br />level of respect! However, if you have been following the CEO's antics before, it is easy<br />to have a positive bias for anything he does, including the Starship! So we ask the most<br />rational set of people on earth what they think of Elon Musk's Starship! What they have<br />to say about the Starship is explosive!<br />Sit back and watch how scientists officially confirmed the Starship as the best rocket<br />ever made!<br />SpaceX operates in the space industry, a sector that has a high number of qualified<br />scientists.   So   it   is   not   surprising   that   the   company   and   its   products   often   attract<br />scientists'   interest!   Sometimes,   the   attention   is   not   so   great,   like   when   scientists<br />complained about how SpaceX's Starlink satellites got in the way of taking pictures of<br />space with their reflection! Of course, SpaceX responded responsibly by coating the<br />satellites' surface with a non-reflecting material and adding a sunshade visor, and both<br />parties were happy!<br />To the ordinary person, the Starship is the pinnacle of engineering. It is sufficiently large<br />to awe observers with a height of 120 meters and diameter of 9 meters. At this height,<br />the Starship towers above the skyline of many cities! And when folks hear that it will be<br />the most powerful rocket ever built, their eyes grow rounder! Also, Musk is always<br />talking of taking people to another planet that is millions of years away using the<br />Starship, further impressing people. They might have even heard on the news that<br />NASA, one of the most American of all American institutions, will pay billions of dollars<br />to use the same Starship to put its astronauts on the moon. If the Starship was not<br />awesome, surely NASA wouldn't agree to spend that much money on it, right?<br />By the time they hear the Starship is connected to Elon Musk, the same man that turned<br />electric vehicles into household items and is also in the news for messing with the<br />human brain by installing chips, it is a foregone conclusion that the Starship is the best<br />ever made!<br />Scientists have bias too, but they have been trained to put aside their biases and treat<br />stuff in an objective way. So it is worth noting what they think of Starship!<br />It is worth noting that while it does not appear to be so, SpaceX has been following a<br />sequence of the scientific method of research to develop and test the Starship! The<br />engineering team started out with an observation, as the Starship is based on a model<br />that   was   considered   viable   in   the   past.  Next  came   questions,   which   generated   a<br />hypothesis   on   how   to   build   the   Starship.   This   is   followed   by   testing   through<br />experimentation, which is why the Starship has been undergoing lots of testing. The<br />next significant testing is the first orbital flight that will see the Starship go into space for<br />the first time! SpaceX will collect results and data during this test flight, an essential step<br />in scientific studies. In fact, SpaceX has just been granted approval by the Federal<br />Communications Commission to connect the Starship to the control center so that it can<br />collect telemetry during the flight! SpaceX will use the data collected to determine which<br />hypothesis to discard or retain and then modify the Starship accordingly!<br />Also, remember the Starship will be used by scientists too. It will transport astronauts,<br />who are usually scientists, to the moon and also to Mars, so SpaceX has a higher bar to<br />attain!<br />So, looking at the Starship through a lens of objectivity, what do scientists have to say?<br />Since NASA has lots of scientists, we will start from there!<br />Jennifer Heldmann is a NASA scientist that is pumped up by the search for water on<br />planet Mars. When NASA declared that it had indeed found water in the vapor plume<br />kicked up by the Centaur mission impact, Heldmann said it was a pivotal moment in her<br />career. This is because the presence of water on Mars or other bodies in deep space<br />opens up many opportunities, but they have to be researched first! This is where the<br />problem lies because transporting equipment is a Herculean task! However, she sees<br />SpaceX's Starship playing a huge role in the quest for water in deep space!<br />For example, during recent NASA planning meetings, scientists contemplated sending a<br />complex spacecraft, costing billions of dollars, to conduct science on Europa. At best,<br />they were hoping to land a payload of science instruments about the size and mass of a<br />mini-refrigerator there.<br />With Starship, by contrast, NASA might land a cache of scientific payloads the size of a<br />single-story unfurnished house!{% endraw %}
