---
title: "ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER Interview Questions & Answers! (PASS your Admin Officer Interview with EASE!)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/cG0mEl4BoQI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "cG0mEl4BoQI"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER Interview Questions & Answers","admin officer interview questions","What questions are asked in an admin interview"]
date: "2022-03-17T17:35:32+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-09-22T17:51:56Z"
duration: "PT10M22S"
viewcount: "131728"
likeCount: "4430"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "CareerVidz"
---
{% raw %}ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER Interview Questions &amp; Answers by Richard McMunn of: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://passmyinterview.com/administrative-officer-interview/">https://passmyinterview.com/administrative-officer-interview/</a><br />#administrativeofficer #adminofficerinterviewtips #interviews<br />TIMESTAMP OF INTERVIEW QUESTIONS:<br />Q. Tell me about yourself and why you want to become an Administrative Officer? 01:20<br />Q. Why do you want to work here? 03:15<br />Q. How do you manage a large workload whilst under pressure? 05:08<br />Q. What do you expect to be doing on a daily basis as our Administrative Officer? 06:38<br />Q. What are your strengths and weaknesses? 07:57<br /><br />In this video, Richard McMunn teaches you how to prepare for an Administrative Officer interview and PASS it at the first attempt. Here's what Richard covers to help you:<br />1. A list of Admin Officer interview questions I strongly advise you prepare for.<br />2. Strong, unique ANSWERS to tough Admin Officer interview questions.<br />3. TIPS on how to STANDOUT during your interview.<br />4. Further resources (including these slides) to help you SUCCEED!<br /><br />COMMON QUESTIONS ASKED BY PEOPLE ON GOOGLE PREPARING FOR ADMIN INTERVIEWS:<br />What questions are asked in an admin interview?<br />How do I prepare for an admin interview?<br />What are the qualities of an administrative officer?<br />Why do you want this admin job?<br />How do I prepare for an administrative assistant interview?<br /><br />23 SAMPLE ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER INTERVIEW QUESTIONS<br />Q1. Introduce yourself and tell me why you want to become an Administrative Officer?<br />Q2. Why do you want to work here?<br />Q3. What do you expect to be doing on a daily basis as our Administrative Officer?<br />Q4. How do you manage a large workload whilst under pressure?<br />Q5. What are your strengths and weaknesses?<br />Q6. Why should we hire you?<br />Q7. What qualities and attributes do have that will make you a competent Administrative Officer?<br />Q8. If your manager wanted you to do something that you disagreed with, what would you?<br />Q9. What’s your approach to taking minutes in a meeting?<br />Q10. Tell me a time when you managed multiple tasks all at once?<br />Q11. Tell me a time when you made a mistake at work?<br />Q12. Tell me how you would deal with a difficult client or stakeholder?<br />Q13. Tell me a time when you demonstrated adaptability at work?<br />Q14. Tell me a time when you completed a difficult, time-sensitive task whilst under pressure?<br />Q15. Describe a stressful situation at work and how you handled it?<br />Q16. What are the top three skills needed to be a great Administrative Officer?<br />Q17. What would you do if you didn’t get on with someone in the team?<br />Q18. Tell me a time when you worked as part of a team to complete a difficult task?<br />Q19. Tell me a time when you supported change in an organisation?<br />Q20. What was the last piece of professional development work you undertook?<br />Q21. Where do you see yourself in 5 years?<br />Q22. What are your salary expectations in this role?<br />Q23. That’s the end of your Administrative Officer interview. Do you have questions for the panel?<br /><br />Connect with Richard McMunn on LinkedIn.com:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-mcmunn-coach/">https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-mcmunn-coach/</a><br /><br />Download 23 great answers to common Administrative Officer interview questions in an PDF guide below:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://passmyinterview.com/administrative-officer-interview/">https://passmyinterview.com/administrative-officer-interview/</a>{% endraw %}
