---
title: "Lay Aside (Official Video)  -Nick Sales"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/4nmEyATawPQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "4nmEyATawPQ"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Aside","(Official","Video)"]
date: "2022-06-04T22:26:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-10-26T00:20:48Z"
duration: "PT3M37S"
viewcount: "4666"
likeCount: "94"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "NickSalesMusic"
---
{% raw %}Free Download: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://tbf.me/a/BqE7qM">http://tbf.me/a/BqE7qM</a><br /><br />Watch the Dubstep Version: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scazxyP1iWc">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scazxyP1iWc</a><br /><br />Wow.<br />I can't believe the day is finally here.<br />I've been looking forward to this day for almost 4 years! You see, almost 4 years ago, I started writing a song. It started with an email that I received on my mission from my little sister. In her email, she wrote &quot;Jesus Christ has to live with scars in His hands and and feet forever, because of my sins.&quot;<br />I've never thought about anything as hard as I did in the next few weeks after receiving that email.<br />How is that fair?<br />At times it may be hard for us to forget the people who have hurt us, but Jesus Christ said in one of my favorite scriptures &quot;I will not forget thee, behold I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands.&quot; (1 Nephi 21: 15-16) Think about it, the only person who deserves to have a perfect body can't, because we gave Him those scars.<br />It wasn't the Jews and the Romans that caused Him inexpressible pain, it was us. Sure, they spit on Him and smote Him and mocked Him and struck Him on the face and put a crown of thorns on His head and whipped Him with a whip loaded with metal and edged with jagged pieces of bone... but they hated Him.<br />We, however, love- or claim to love Him, but then we torture Him with sin. We make Him suffer, which suffering caused a God to tremble because of pain and to bleed at every pore and to suffer both body and spirit. That's pretty painful... &quot;How painful you know not, how [intense] you know not, how hard to bear you know not.&quot; (D&amp;C 19:15)<br />I'm not sure what Jesus Christ would say to us if He were here. It may depend on the person. But I wouldn't be surprised if He said to me &quot;stop hurting me.&quot;<br />That is the message of this song.<br />No wonder the word &quot;repentance&quot; is mentioned 1,604 times in the scriptures.<br />Yeah, God wants us to repent so that we can be free, but He also wants us to repent because we are whipping His only begotten Son when we don't.<br />So, like the chorus of this song says, &quot;Lay aside every sin which doth easily beset [you].&quot;<br /> <br />I don't say all this to make you feel guilty. Not at all. If anything, I say it to motivate myself to repent. I first wrote all this for just me, to help me to be better, but then I read D&amp;C 6:9 that says &quot;Say nothing but repentance unto this generation...&quot; So I thought I'd share my thoughts with you.<br /> <br />I have to admit that I only wrote a few parts of this song. It was co-written with some of the greatest men the world has ever known. Part of the chorus was written by Alma, and parts of the verses were written by Nephi, Moroni, Isaiah and Jesus Christ Himself. That's why some of the lyrics may seem familiar to you, because I have taken them from scriptures that have been impactful to me and have created a song out of it. It's taken me almost 4 years to write, rewrite, record,  master and make this song as perfect as I can. I've made two versions of it in English and also translated it and recorded it in Spanish. Here are the lyrics:<br /> <br />He lived the perfect life<br />One that I cannot live up to<br />He made my burdens light<br />Laid down his life to life me up to<br />The place where sorrows cease<br />Right by the Prince of Peace<br />To be encircled in the arms of His love (1 Nephi 1:15)<br /> <br />He bore my every grief<br />Was wounded for my transgressions<br />Bruised because of me<br />I was His only confession<br />But because of His infinite love<br />I'm able to rise above<br />All that I am<br />All that I was<br />All that I've done<br /> <br />So I will lay aside every sin which doth easily beset me (Hebrews 12:1, 2 Nephi 4:18, Alma 7:15)<br />I will trust my fear into His care to finally be free (D&amp;C 12:8)<br />I'll resort, I'll be nothing short of His infinite mercy<br />Because He sees my name<br />In the scars I gave (1 Nephi 21:16)<br />In the wounds that set me free<br /> <br />I'll remember my pains no more<br />He won't suffer my cries any longer (Mormon 8:41)<br />He's been where I am before<br />He will make all my weaknesses stronger (Ether 12:27)<br />And with His stripes I'll be healed from these bands (Isaiah 53:5)<br />Hoping by His side I'll stand<br />I will run to the one who has graven my life in His hands<br /> <br />I will lay aside every sin which doth easily beset me<br />I will trust my fear into His care to finally be free<br />I'll resort, I'll be nothing short of His infinite mercy<br />Because He sees my name<br />In the scars I gave<br />In the wounds that set me free<br />Because my Lord and King<br />Is smiling<br />Because He set me free{% endraw %}
