---
title: "What are the rules of war? | The Laws of War  | ICRC"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/HwpzzAefx9M\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "HwpzzAefx9M"
categories: "Nonprofits-Activism"
tags: ["icrc","red cross","international red cross"]
date: "2022-05-19T04:56:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2014-08-19T13:51:36Z"
duration: "PT4M44S"
viewcount: "6970105"
likeCount: "175101"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC)"
---
{% raw %}Yes, even wars have laws.<br /><br />To find out more, visit <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://therulesofwar.org">http://therulesofwar.org</a><br /><br />********<br /><br />Rules of War in a Nutshell - script<br /><br />Since the beginning, humans have resorted to violence as a way to settle disagreements.<br />Yet through the ages, people from around the world have tried to limit the brutality of war.<br />It was this humanitarian spirit that led to the First Geneva Convention of 1864,and to the birth of modern International Humanitarian Law.<br />Setting the basic limits on how wars can be fought, these universal laws of war protect those not fighting, as well as those no longer able to. <br />To do this, a distinction must always be made between who or what may be attacked, and who or what must be spared and protected. <br />- CIVILIANS - <br />Most importantly, civilians can never be targeted. To do so is a war crime.<br />“When they drove into our village, they shouted that they were going to kill everyone. I was so scared, I ran to hide in the bush.<br />I heard my mother screaming. I thought I would never see her again.”  <br />Every possible care must be taken to avoid harming civilians or destroying things essential for their survival.<br />They have a right to receive the help they need.<br />- DETAINEES - <br />“The conditions prisoners lived in never used to bother me. <br />People like him were the reason my brother was dead.<br />He was the enemy and was nothing to me. <br />But then I realized that behind bars, he was out of action and no longer a threat to me or my family.”<br />The laws of war prohibit torture and other ill-treatment of detainees, whatever their past.<br />They must be given food and water and allowed to communicate with loved ones. This preserves their dignity and keeps them alive.<br />- SICK &amp; WOUNDED -<br />Medical workers save lives, sometimes in the most dangerous conditions. <br />“Several fighters from both sides had been critically wounded in a fierce battle and we were taking them to the closest hospital.<br />At a checkpoint, a soldier threatened us, demanding that we only treat his men. Time was running out and I was afraid they were all going to die.”<br />Medical workers must always be allowed to do their job and the Red Cross or Red Crescent must not be attacked.<br />The sick or wounded have a right to be cared for, regardless of whose side they are on.<br />- LIMITS TO WARFARE - <br />Advances in weapons technology has meant that the rules of war have also had to adapt.<br />Because some weapons and methods of warfare don't distinguish between fighters and civilians, limits on their use have been agreed.<br />In the future, wars may be fought with fully autonomous robots.<br />But will such robots ever have the ability to distinguish between a military target and someone who must never be attacked? <br />No matter how sophisticated weapons become it is essential that they are in line with the rules of war.<br />International Humanitarian Law is all about making choices that preserve a minimum of human dignity in times of war, and makes sure that living together again is possible once the last bullet has been shot.{% endraw %}
