---
title: "QUICK DINNER IDEA BUT YOU MAY NEED A BIB TO WATCH THIS CAULIFLOWER FRIED RICE RECIPE!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ClJ_W_UeLok\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ClJ_W_UeLok"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["how to make cauliflower fried rice recipe at home","how to make cauliflower fried rice recipe","cauliflower fried rice recipe"]
date: "2022-02-27T22:59:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-08T15:00:14Z"
duration: "PT10M3S"
viewcount: "322225"
likeCount: "12542"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Yeung Man Cooking"
---
{% raw %}LEARN HOW TO MAKE AN EASY CAULIFLOWER FRIED RICE RECIPE RIGHT AT HOME!<br /><br />LAY HO MA!  Cauliflower is definitely a lot more versatile than meets the eye.  Join me in this episode and learn how to make a delicious cauliflower fried rice recipe that's super packed with flavour!  Let's begin<br /><br />Ingredients:<br />2 cups riced cauliflower<br />1 carrot<br />60g broccolini<br />1/2 red onion<br />2 pieces garlic<br />30g shimeji mushrooms<br />1 tbsp soy sauce<br />1 tsp dark soy sauce <br />splash of toasted sesame oil<br />1 tsp hoisin sauce<br />2 tbsp chili oil (<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/oYz9GNg-8tw)">https://youtu.be/oYz9GNg-8tw)</a><br />2 tbsp hemp hearts<br />20g fresh basil<br />1 tbsp sesame seeds<br /><br />Directions:<br />1. Prep the cauliflower by slicing into the stem and pulling out the florets.  Then, chop them down into bite sized pieces.<br />2. Rice the cauliflower by blending the florets in a blender on the lowest setting a small handful at a time<br />3. Chop the carrot into cubes.  Chop the broccolini and dice the red onion.  Finely chop the garlic and roughly chop shimeji mushrooms<br />4. Make the sauce by combining the soy sauce, dark soy sauce, toasted sesame oil, and hoisin sauce<br />5. Heat up a nonstick pan to medium heat.  Add the chili oil<br />6. Sauté the onions and garlic for a couple of minutes.  Add the broccolini and carrots and sauté for another couple of minutes<br />7. Add the mushrooms, riced cauliflower, hemp hearts, and the sauce<br />8. Sauté for 3-4min.  Add the basil, turn off the heat, and give the pan a good stir<br />9. Plate the rice, top with sesame seeds and serve<br /><br /><br />YOUR SIGNED VEGAN RAMEN COOKBOOK, COOK WITH CONFIDENCE COOKBOOK + GET YOUR FREE E-BOOK + TAKE YOUR VEGAN SUSHI MASTERCLASS HERE:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.yeungmancooking.com">https://www.yeungmancooking.com</a><br /><br /><br />If you enjoyed this episode and would love to see more, remember to like, comment, and subscribe so that you won't miss a single episode!<br /><br />Hong Kong born Canadian, Wil Yeung is an international photographer, filmmaker, entrepreneur, violinist, and YouTube chef.  He immigrated to Canada when he was a young boy carrying with him his ability to speak Cantonese and some broken English.  Much of his culinary aspirations stem from his background in the visual and musical art spaces.  Whether you're plant based or plant based curious, Wil believes that learning how to make food can really change your life and of those around you.<br /><br />STAY IN THE LOOP ON SOCIAL MEDIA!<br />Wil's Recipes on Instagram:  @yeungmancooking<br />Wil's Recipes on Facebook:  fb.me/yeungmancooking.com<br />Wil's Photography + Video on Instagram: @wyphotography.com<br />Wil's Photography + Video on Facebook: wyphotography<br /><br />You are watching:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ClJ_W_UeLok">https://youtu.be/ClJ_W_UeLok</a>{% endraw %}
