---
title: "My Home is Automated Now  | Thank you EGlu"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Nw7Beim1v94\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Nw7Beim1v94"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["#eglu","#ranjiniharidas","#ranjiniharidasvlog"]
date: "2022-04-27T03:28:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-26T13:11:24Z"
duration: "PT13M19S"
viewcount: "3917"
likeCount: "155"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ranjini Haridas"
---
{% raw %}Hello everyone ..<br /><br />Today’s vlog is all about how EGlu turned my home into a smart home.I never thought that a place like mine could be automated so easily but once I called on their services I realised it hardly took a few hours to do the same and I am so happy with the result that I had to share my experience with you .<br /><br />eGlu provides benefits like security, safety, comfort and energy efficiency to home owners. It simplifies your living when you are at home and gives you peace of mind when you are away.<br /><br />Think of eGlu as the brain of your automated home that can respond to you and be with you wherever you are. Automate your home and give it a smart edge to make it intelligent, convenient and connected.<br /><br />eGlu provides benefits like security, safety, comfort and energy efficiency to home owners. It simplifies your living when you are at home and gives you peace of mind when you are away.<br /><br />-Experience the luxury of a Smart Home at the cost of a Smart Phone.<br /><br />-eGlu's patended wireless technology has a benchmark range of communication.<br /><br />-you can Start with what you need and expand when you have new requirements.<br /><br />-No change needs to be made to your existing electrical wirings and no breaking of your walls is required .<br /><br />-the Simple and intuitive mobile APP with amazing features helps to smarten your home so easily <br /><br />-One APP is all you need for all your needs like security automation and survillance.<br /><br />In simple words it’s affordable ,scalable ,wireless ,retrofit ,easy to use all with just one single app - EGLU on your smartphone .<br /><br />Definitely something I would highly recommend to home owners to ensure that they can keep a track of everything that goes on in their home from light automation ,security sensors ,air conditioners ,curtain control ,door lock ,television ,gate automation ,smart wearables and voice assistant .<br /><br />EGlu really with one single app turns your home to a smart home ..with everything just a click away .<br /><br />I absolutely love the way it’s made everything so easy to manage and control and would highly recommend the same to other home owners .<br /><br />You can choose to do entire homes or chosen areas depending on your needs and budget which makes it flexible too ..You can even choose to scale up or down as per requirement .<br /><br />If this is something you would like to incorporate into your homes please do reach out to them .<br /><br />You can connect with them on : <br />eGlu Smart Home <br />Contact Number <br />9847696096<br />9020696096<br />9847815068<br />Website - www.myeglu.com<br /><br />Now Monitor and Control your home from anywhere in the world.eGlu smart Home offers a complete Wireless Automation in Lighting , Security and Appliances Control without any change in existing wiring.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />➤ Licence:<br /><br />You’re free to use this song in any of your videos, but you must include the following in your video description (Copy &amp; Paste):<br /><br />Song: Jarico - Retrovi (Vlog No Copyright Music)<br />Music promoted by Vlog No Copyright Music.<br />Video Link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/2w9P1yvAkBw">https://youtu.be/2w9P1yvAkBw</a>{% endraw %}
