---
title: "Tesla Gigafactory Texas 11 April 2022 Cyber Truck & Model Y Factory Construction Update (07:25AM)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/5X62QI_c6ps\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "5X62QI_c6ps"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["Cyber Truck","Model Y","Gigafactory"]
date: "2022-04-12T06:52:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-11T20:04:47Z"
duration: "PT23M28S"
viewcount: "10912"
likeCount: "1279"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Joe Tegtmeyer"
---
{% raw %}Gigafactory Texas on 11 April 2022! This is where the Cyber Truck and Model Y will be built!<br /><br />  A bit of low clouds and windy weather at Giga Texas this morning, but we see a nice sunrise through the clouds at one point and overall, we see crews and employees getting back to work. Now that the grand opening event is in the past, it should be full speed ahead on Model Y production! <br />   One interesting discovery on the site today was the first Tesla boat! This was on the south pond, complete with paddles! I wonder what this is for … any thoughts?<br />   In the introduction, we start off part 1 of a series looking at new information we got from the grand opening and Cyber Rodeo event. Today, we look at the first official Giga Texas renderings and walk through many elements that either now exist on the site, or we should see emerge as construction continues over the coming weeks and months. Also, during the first minute of the video, I superimpose these renderings while flying in a roughly similar flight along the west side towards the south. <br /><br />Timestamps:<br />First Official Giga Texas rendering discussion and illustrations: 0:06 to 5:31<br />Superimposed renderings during flight along the west side to the south: 5:58 to 7:36<br />Drone flight footage &amp; infographics: 7:37 to 23:27<br /><br />Here are the highlights from today's video:<br />- There is a boat (with paddles) on the south pond moored to the north shore area. This is the 1st time I’ve seen this and to my knowledge, this is the 1st and only boat at Giga Texas.<br />- Along the south side of the pond, we can see the perimeter road beginning to emerge along the Colorado river. We also look at the new areas where we know more “Cyber Berms” will be constructed on the south end, consistent with the new renderings.<br />- Also on the south end, we see Tesla employees moving Model Y’s around. I am not sure what the objective was as most of these cars were used as props during Cyber Rodeo. Perhaps they will be transported off site soon to make room for increasing production?<br />- On the roof, we look at the current solar panel system installation with the “E” and “S” of TESLA emerging and we imagine how the 70,000 panels that will eventually be installed will look. Again, we consult the new renderings to visualize how this will look.<br />- On the west side along the building, we see many of the newly made “Cyber Planters” placed with trees and other plants already present. These really look great and compliment the overall design of the factory!<br />- Also on the west side, we see all of the Cyber Rodeo stages, props and other decoration now removed and everything is back to normal appearance. We also look at the main entrance area and note there will be resumed construction to complete the two ramps.<br />- We tour over the east parking lot area and farther east storage, equipment and materials staging areas. There is now a lot of activity in this area with the main contractor trailers now all grouped on this side. <br />- Based on the new renderings, we can now validate the Battery Cathode plant location and we see tremendous progress getting the entire area levelled, filled, and raised to bring the grade to the point needed for foundation construction. This area has truly transformed, and we see very active GeoPier work on the main foundation section. I suspect we’ll see a large parking or material handling area (s) surrounding the main battery cathode plant.<br />- On the north end, we survey the old bag plant and based on recent conversations with several contractors bidding for the demolition work, we should see this building removed by this summer. This is also the area where a new permanent electrical sub station and battery storage (megapack) will be constructed.<br />- On the north end of the main factory, we see three wall panels have been removed near where the paint shop and plastics structures join. Crews were busy at work on the electrical conduits in this area.<br /><br />     Thank you for watching and I hope this has been informative, educational, and entertaining for you. If you would like, please consider supporting me via Patreon (link is in the description of this video and in the video itself) so I can continue to make and share these incredible videos.<br /><br />Follow me on<br />Patreon <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/joeslastchancegarage">https://www.patreon.com/joeslastchancegarage</a><br />Twitter @JoeTegtmeyer<br />Instagram (Joe’s Last Chance Garage) for the latest updates: #joeslastchancegarage<br />Facebook Joe Tegtmeyer and Joe’s Last Chance Garage<br /><br />Be sure to check out additional Texas Gigafactory footage on these channels:<br />@Terafactory Texas<br />@Jeff Roberts <br />@Texas Terafactory<br /><br />Video, photos, illustrations, and commentary on this video is by me, Joe Tegtmeyer unless otherwise annotated.<br /><br />Music in this video is obtained from the YouTube free and unrestricted and royalty-free use library.  Ending song is Mr. Sunny Face - Wayne Jones<br /><br />Drones used are DJI Mavic Mini and Mavic Air 2.<br /><br />Drone flight over Giga Texas is with permission of Tesla and CEO Elon Musk{% endraw %}
