---
title: "Snak The Ripper & Jaclyn Gee - Little One (Official Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/S_3VlXYT_rE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "S_3VlXYT_rE"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["snak","ripper","the"]
date: "2022-03-31T21:28:32+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-16T19:00:11Z"
duration: "PT4M10S"
viewcount: "44206"
likeCount: "3121"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "SNAK THE RIPPER"
---
{% raw %}My new album ''Let It Rip'' will be available worldwide on April 20th 2022! Pre-order a limited edition merchandise bundle or pre-save the album right now! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://linktr.ee/snaktheripper">https://linktr.ee/snaktheripper</a> <br /><br />Just over two years ago we found out my wife Jaclyn was pregnant with our second child and as you would expect, we were beyond exited. Everything was going great but a couple months into the pregnancy she noticed something felt wrong. She went to the hospital for an emergency ultrasound and that’s when the doctor told us that the baby didn’t make it. We were devastated. We cried, we grieved and we mourned his death for over a month. And that's when I started writing this song. But time went on and it turns out the doctors were wrong. Our little one somehow survived, and this song is for him.<br /><br />Video by Beau Bokan<br />Produced by Snak The Ripper<br />Mixed by Jamie Kuse<br />© 2022 Stealth Bomb Records, All Rights Reserved.<br /><br />LYRICS:<br />Feel like my heart is broken<br />It’s so hard to let go<br />Cause we were all so happy<br />That you were coming home<br />But sometimes life is crazy<br />And god taketh away<br />I hate feeling so helpless<br />I just wish you could’ve stayed<br />Your mama started bleeding<br />And she didn’t know why<br />The doctors said we lost you<br />And me and mama cried<br />Now lately I feel empty<br />All this emptiness inside <br />Wish I got to see your face <br />I never got to say goodbye  <br /><br />They said we lost you in the start<br />The pain I felt inside was tearing me apart<br />But through the sadness I could feel you in my heart<br />Proved em’ wrong cause you survived and there you are<br />My little one<br />They said we lost you in the start<br />The pain I felt inside was tearing me apart<br />But through the sadness I could feel you in my heart<br />Proved em’ wrong cause you survived and there you are<br />My little one<br /><br />My heart is overflowing<br />Cause little did we know<br />That you just kept on growing<br />And now you’re here at home<br />Sometimes this life is crazy<br />God heard me when I prayed<br />I feel so thankful for you<br />I’m so glad you got to stay<br />Your family really loves you<br />You took us on a ride<br />The doctors said you made it<br />And me and daddy cried<br />Now I’m looking at you smiling<br />And you’re staring in my eyes<br />I wrote this song so when I’m gone <br />You’ll know I love you<br /><br />They said we lost you in the start<br />The pain I felt inside was tearing me apart<br />But through the sadness I could feel you in my heart<br />Proved em’ wrong cause you survived and there you are, <br />My little one<br />They said we lost you in the start<br />The pain I felt inside was tearing me apart<br />But through the sadness I could feel you in my heart<br />Proved em’ wrong cause you survived and there you are, <br />My little one<br />My little one<br />My little one<br />Proved em’ wrong cause you survived and there you are, <br />My little one<br />I love you Levi{% endraw %}
