---
title: "Lucid Dreaming Music So Potent and Deep: HAVE THE BEST FLIGHTS With Strong Theta Waves!!!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/sYYiQdz62Ws\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "sYYiQdz62Ws"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["174 hz music","5hz","6hz"]
date: "2022-03-14T14:43:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-24T01:57:44Z"
duration: "PT5H"
viewcount: "207284"
likeCount: "4187"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Theta Realms - Brainwave Sound Journeys"
---
{% raw %}Lucid Dreaming Music So Potent and Deep: HAVE THE BEST FLIGHTS With Strong Theta Waves! with the original secret portal series by Theta Realms - Brainwave Sound Journeys. BE READY: With POTENT Lucid Dreaming Binaural Beats and original music from Mr theta. 🔹 174 HZ HOPE, LOVE, HEALING PORTAL 🔹  is a 5 - hour Lucid Dreaming music experience that will relax YOU and MELT your stress away and launch you into a deep lucid dreaming meditation and beyond.<br /><br />174 Hz Hope, Love, Healing Portal is a fresh lucid dreaming music sleep experience from Mr theta that will surely take you places tonight or anytime you desire. Volume 233 of the series, what a beauty. Perfectly flowing dreamy healing vibes with the requested 174 hz theme recently requested by one of the thetafam friends here, and I had to try to help as they desired it! Of course, I wanted it to be exceptional, as I always do when creating my deep dreaming music and theta waves lucid dreaming themes.<br /><br />This is just amazing to take deep and cherish and return to again and again! an instant classic in the original theta realms music library and the original, lucid dreaming portal series on youtube! There are a few of them now, and one guy even made a channel inspired by the series. So yes, the portal series is popular and for a good reason. Delivering potent music, so buckle up and buckle down and have the best flights with strong theta waves tonight or when you need it. That is why I create my music for your unique and one-of-a-kind use-value and enjoyment.<br /><br />Journey well! <br /><br />🎵 DOWNLOAD  WAV - MP3 FILE OF THIS SINGLE OR SUBSCRIBE FOR FULL ACCESS - ▶️<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://thetarealms.bandcamp.com/album/lucid-dreaming-music-so-potent-and-deep-have-the-best-flights-with-strong-theta-waves">https://thetarealms.bandcamp.com/album/lucid-dreaming-music-so-potent-and-deep-have-the-best-flights-with-strong-theta-waves</a><br /><br />Enjoy powerful lucid dreaming binaural beats, isochronic tones, brainwave music for dream sleep theme for increased potential, and deep theta meditation at a lower comfort volume level. If you ALLOW IT...IT WILL GUIDE YOU TO DEEP STATES - leave the rest to your imagination. Journey well!<br /><br />SECRET PORTAL (VOLUME 233)  CCXXXIII 174 HZ MUSIC FOR LUCID DREAMING - 🔹 174 HZ HOPE, LOVE, HEALING PORTAL  🔹 <br /><br />LUCID DREAMING MUSIC SERIES - SECRET PORTAL PLAYLIST ▶️ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6pGp21EHljT_U0LBiMK4wVLqJgF4Cfdi">https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6pGp21EHljT_U0LBiMK4wVLqJgF4Cfdi</a><br /><br />Please Rate 👍 , share 🙏and comment 🤓 and stay tuned for Much More!<br /><br />Music Custom Composed by Mr. Theta for Theta Realms. Theta Realms Brainwave Sound Journeys Creates some of the most powerful music for meditation &amp; best lucid dreaming music to induce Lucid Dream Potential. Various meditation music styles and mighty Binaural Beats Brainwave Music, Theta Meditation Music, and Astral Projection Music to navigate what many call the Astral Plane. Amazing Theta Binaural Beats and custom Music created for Out of Body Perception, Relaxation, Sleep Meditation, and Enjoyment.<br /><br />All Music Custom Composed and Created by Mr. Theta for Theta Realms - Brainwave Sound Journeys TM (c) All rights reserved 2022 - on youtube since 2008 and created in 2003 as a vision. This is the official home page of theta realms - brainwave sound journeys. I own all rights to my music creations.<br /><br />#ThetaRealms #BrainwaveSoundJourneys #SecretPortalLucidDreaming  #IsochronicTones #BinauralBeats #LucidDreamingMusic #DeepLucidDreaming #StrongThetaWaves #ThetaWavesLucidDreaming #PotentLucidDreamingMusic{% endraw %}
