---
title: "PALM OIL TRANSPORTATION MACHINERY. MOST SUITABLE FOR PEAT"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/0y7_B57D4P8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "0y7_B57D4P8"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["Palm","PalmOil","Palmoilplantation"]
date: "2022-05-04T09:34:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-03T12:07:51Z"
duration: "PT4M38S"
viewcount: "2002"
likeCount: "10"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "KAKAK GURU"
---
{% raw %}From year to year, the planted area and productivity of oil palm plantations continues to increase. In the last 10 years the average growth rate has reached 7.67 percent. It is predicted that the demand for vegetable oil will continue to increase. This is a golden opportunity for Farmers across the country to meet the world's demand.<br /><br />Of course, high-quality palm oil is needed to meet the world's needs. In oil palm cultivation, the harvesting process is important because it determines the yield and quality of palm oil.<br /><br />But in the field at least there are some problems. the poor condition of oil palm plantation land infrastructure and the unavailability of oil palm fruit transportation. Transporting palm fruit so far is still done manually, where workers use wheelbarrows or livestock.<br /><br />then using machine technology is the best solution for peat soil and soft soil conditions.<br /><br />This machine is specially designed for use in oil palm plantations. It replaces the traditional method of using carts and live animals for the collection of fresh fruit bunches. Equipped with a rubber track, the machine is designed to traverse soft soil and peat conditions.<br /><br />The tough rubber track reduces soil compaction, minimizes road damage and is less prone to jams due to its low earth pressure footprint. Made of strong lightweight material with high ground clearance, so it can easily access all terrains in oil palm plantations.<br /><br />Another plus is that the unit can be avoided when it will fall. With a crawler width of 350 millimeters, making this tool agile and easy to operate in peat areas and areas with poor roads.<br /><br />The specifications and features offered by this machine include:<br /><br />Heavy duty 7 horsepower engine is equipped with air cooling so that it can operate optimally.<br /><br />Fuel capacity of 7 liters with an average consumption of 0.30 liters per hour with manual/mechanical tipping dumper.<br /><br />Heavy Duty rubber track with reinforced rollers and easy adjustment.<br /><br />oil palm carrying capacity of up to 600 kilograms in one go. Empty weight of this machine is 350kg in total.<br /><br />Simple operation and low maintenance costs.<br /><br />Thank you for watching Konten video of &quot;Kakak Guru&quot;. If you like this video please click like, subscribe, share and hit the notification bell!<br /><br />I hope you enjoy this video. &quot;This Konten video is for entertainment purposes.&quot; Kakak Guru do not own this video, we respect the intellectual rights of others.<br /><br />CREDIT TO:<br />▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀<br />Palm Oil Factory<br />Palm Oil Harvester<br /><br />DISCLAIMER:<br />▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀<br />No Copyright infringement intended. Music and video used for entertainment purposes only.<br /><br />All the Videos, Songs, Images, and Graphics used in the video belong to their respective owners and I or this channel does not claim any right over them.<br /><br />COPYRIGHT | LICENSING:<br />▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀<br />We don't own this video, all credit goes to their owners. If you want this song taken down, just send me a message to whdtop@gmail.com, it will be removed within 24 hours with no hassle. Please just don't flag the video.<br /><br />#Palm<br />#PalmOil<br />#Palmoilplantation<br />#Palmmachine<br />#Howtomakepalmoil<br />#Makeyourownpalm<br />#Palmoil<br />#Therichestpalmoilcompany<br />#Thebiggestcompanypalmoil<br />#Palmoilcompany<br />#Palmharvest<br />#Sophisticatedtoolsforharvestingoil Palm<br />#Palmharvest<br />#Superfastpalmharvest<br />#Advancedtoolsforoilpalmplantations<br />#Palmmill<br />#Cpo<br />#Innovative <br />#Creative <br />#Inspiration <br />#Knowledge <br />#Machine Info <br />#Rubbish <br />#HowToHarvest <br />#PalmOilFactory{% endraw %}
