---
title: "Jax Jones feat. MNEK - Where Did You Go? [1 Hour Version]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vFRQUBjyJaI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vFRQUBjyJaI"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Jax Jones","MNEK","Where Did You Go"]
date: "2022-04-20T17:42:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-16T11:22:07Z"
duration: "PT1H10S"
viewcount: "26246"
likeCount: "231"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "OHV Music"
---
{% raw %}Hello and welcome to another 1 Hour version of your favorite music.<br /><br />The British singer, songwriter and record producer; MNEK is back in 2022 with an amazing featuring in the English DJ, songwriter, record producer and remixer; Jax Jones's New song titled &quot;Where Did You Go&quot;. The main melody and the drop fit together in a perfect way to give us an awesome radio hit and a good club track as well. Listen to the One Hour Version we did for it.<br /><br />Don't forget to subscribe to our YouTube channel!<br /><br />Follow us on Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://facebook.com/onehourmusic">https://facebook.com/onehourmusic</a><br />Follow us on Instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/ohvmusic">https://instagram.com/ohvmusic</a><br /><br />***<br /><br />Contact us: onehourcontact@gmail.com<br /><br />***<br /><br />Lyrics:<br /><br />[Chorus]<br />Oh, my love, where did you go?<br />Where did you go now? I wanna know<br />With all my love, where did you go now?<br />Where did you go now? I wanna know<br /><br />[Post-Chorus]<br />Where did you go?<br />With my love, with my love<br />Where did you go?<br />With my love, with my love (Oh, oh, oh)<br /><br />[Verse 1]<br />You just have to walk in the place<br />And all eyes (And all eyes) are on you (Are on you)<br />You could put a smile on your face<br />And you'd light up the room<br /><br />[Pre-Chorus]<br />But then you left me dancing on the floor alone<br />And now the DJ's gone and all the lights are on<br />You see, I tried to find you, but words can't describe you<br />Baby, only onе dance ain't enough<br /><br />[Chorus]<br />Oh, my love, whеre did you go?<br />Where did you go now? I wanna know<br />With all my love, where did you go now?<br />Where did you go now? I wanna know<br /><br />[Post-Chorus]<br />Where did you go?<br />With my love, with my love<br />Where did you go?<br />With my love, with my love<br /><br />[Verse 2]<br />You're so beautiful, you're a star<br />Like a work of art, wherever you are<br />You'll always be the one who got away (Got away)<br />And now I can't forget you, how could I let you?<br /><br />[Pre-Chorus]<br />Leave me dancing on the floor alone<br />And now the DJ's gone and all the lights are on<br />You see, I tried to find you, but words can't describe you<br />Baby, only one dance ain't enough<br /><br />[Chorus]<br />Oh, my love, where did you go?<br />Where did you go now? I wanna know<br />With all my love, where did you go now?<br />Where did you go now? I wanna know<br /><br />[Post-Chorus]<br />Where did you go? (Where?)<br />With my love, with my love<br />Where did you go? (Where did you go my love?)<br />With my love, I wanna know<br />Where did you go? (Where did you go? Where did you go?)<br />With my love, with my love<br />Where did you go? (Where did you go? Where did you go?)<br />With my love, with my love<br />Where did you go?{% endraw %}
