---
title: "Part 23-24: THE BILLIONAIRES UNDESIRABLE WIFE | Favorite Love STORIES"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/FG4Jslamkrg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "FG4Jslamkrg"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["23-24:","BILLIONAIRES","UNDESIRABLE"]
date: "2022-02-07T18:25:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-19T15:02:14Z"
duration: "PT38M50S"
viewcount: "5005"
likeCount: "348"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Favorite love STORIES"
---
{% raw %}Please support my channel, hit LIKE, leave a<br />COMMENT, SUGGESTIONS, REQUEST TOPICS, and SUBSCRIBE. You can also SHARE my videos but please DON'T FORGET TO CREDIT MY CHANNEL.<br />Thank you po and God Bless.<br /><br />#kaalamantv #lourdtv #TrueStory #saimatv #InspirationalStory<br />#Kaalaman #JpAmazingstories #Jmixofticial<br />#NoHateJustLove #taratv #MatandangLalaki<br />#Clarktvfacts #motherslove #Amazing Story<br />#trueStory #Diyos Ama #God #Bata # Paruparo<br />#boyfriend #girlfriend #muntingkaalaman<br />#taratvfacts #congtv #VIiycortez #bretman rock<br />#inspirationalStories #ivanaalawi #jamill #zeinab<br />#motherslove #muntingkaalaman #Kaalaman<br />#Clarktvtacts #taratv#korina #kmjs #jessicasoho<br />HJuantvstories Fviceganda FtriVia #realstories<br />#Storykacts #tagalogstories #gmanetwork #abscbn<br />#hyspeak #tantasy #enchanted #tacts #kingdom<br />#prince #IOveyou<br /><br />KEYWORDS<br />Lovestory, inspirational story, motivational, mothers<br />love, family is love, magical, history, kwentong<br />pambata, vana alawi, jessica soho, mmk, gma<br />network, abs cbn, saima, hyspeak, kaalaman tv,<br />kaalaman, tagalog story, movie<br />RELATED CHANNEL<br />Kwento ni Kuya Jun<br />Maharlika tv.<br />Storyey<br />Clarktv<br />Facts Leonmata libi<br />Ask Teacher Popong<br />Pinoy Mystery<br />Untold Stories<br />Pinoy Mystery Channel<br />Tinagalog<br />Tara Iv<br />Jevara PH<br />Congtv<br />JP Amazing Stories<br />What's viral today?<br />Kegs Tv<br />Alam nyo ba?<br />Tinig Ph<br />Bulalord<br />Sankayjanjantv<br />Munting Kaalaman<br />Kwentong pambata<br />ra Stories<br />TRENDING Topics<br />Black Manta<br />Justice League<br />GMA Network<br />Taal volcano<br />Raffy Tulfo in Action<br />BEST VLOG CHANNELS<br />Vagabrothers<br />Wil Dasovich<br />Jamill<br />Leinab Harake<br />Riddles<br />Agassi Ching<br />David Guison<br />Arabella Racelis<br />Ivana Alawi<br />Alex Gonzaga<br />Tulfo<br />Raffy<br />Brusko Bro's<br />Best of Gaming Channel<br />Choox tv<br />oSIdogie<br />ML DISCIple Gaming<br /><br />DISCLAIMER:Absolutely nocopyright intringement Is intended. All mages, VIdeoclips, audio, musiC, song and composition are the sole property of their<br />respective owner/s.<br /><br />-This video is for teaching &amp; entertaining purposes.<br />-It is transformative in nature.<br />I might be using bits and pieces of videos and photos to get the point across where necessary.<br /><br />We make these videos with the intentions of inspiring, entertaining, motivating and educating others in a form of story telling. We do not own some of the photos, clips and music we use in most cases. Our understanding is that it is in correlation<br />to Fair Right Use, however given that it is open to interpretation. If the content would like to remove by the owner, we have no problem with that and will do so as fast as possible. If you have any concerns,<br />please let me know and send us message to beloW email.<br /><br />CREDIT<br />Music Downloaded from Youtube Audio Library{% endraw %}
