---
title: "Democratising mental health policy: who does the work, who gets the recognition? (panel discussion)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/MWVIuKpho8Q\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "MWVIuKpho8Q"
categories: "Nonprofits-Activism"
tags: ["Democratising","mental","health"]
date: "2022-02-21T18:32:39+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-30T03:09:06Z"
duration: "PT58M52S"
viewcount: "123"
likeCount: "2"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "NSUN"
---
{% raw %}Full transcript: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I5yqFgE-vwVDswezUEvQjpEQUEItDZtY/edit?usp=sharing&amp;ouid=113614784372856642385&amp;rtpof=true&amp;sd=true">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I5yqFgE-vwVDswezUEvQjpEQUEItDZtY/edit?usp=sharing&amp;ouid=113614784372856642385&amp;rtpof=true&amp;sd=true</a><br /><br />*Note on captions:<br />YouTube has not allowed us to add and edit auto-generated subtitles to this panel as it has done with the rest of our AGM content, so we apologise for the inaccurate Zoom subtitles on this panel recording. You can find a full and accurate transcription of this session at the link above.*<br /><br />Many grassroots groups have a deep understanding of the issues their community members face and may carry out their own agile, effective campaigning work. This work is often small-scale, hyper local, un or under-funded and undervalued. Working in mental health, where co-production and involvement are increasingly part of practice, tokenism and extractive relationships can be major barriers to meaningful work. Larger organisations with more ‘legitimacy’ can and do parasitise the work of grassroots groups. How can we move from co-option to meaningful power sharing?<br /><br />Chair: Mary Sadid (NSUN)<br />Panellists: Abdi Hassan (Coffee Afrik CIC), Mariko Hayashi (SEEAC), and Rosie Hodson (National Ugly Mugs)<br /><br />Abdi Hassan (he/him)<br />Coffee Afrik is a Somali &amp; minortized citizens support organisation. Managing mental health, social action and enterprise projects. In Hackney, Tower Hamlets &amp; Newham.<br />An expert by experience, NHS England Board Member and trained accountant and activist.<br />Twitter: @coffeeafrique<br /><br />Mariko Hayashi (she/her)<br />Mariko Hayashi currently serves as the Executive Director of Southeast and East Asian Centre (SEEAC), a London based civil society and community organisation led by and for migrants, refugees and people seeking asylum from East and Southeast Asia living in the UK. She is also a freelance consultant, researcher and project coordinator working on a number of projects with organisations in the UK and Asia-Pacific focusing on migration and human rights. She has over 10 years of experience involving in local, national, regional and international advocacy, and is a co-founder of BEBESEA, a cross-regional network of cvi society organisations and individuals advocating for the rights of migrants and intersectional human rights in East and Southeast Asia. Currently serving as a trustee of Kanlungan Filipino Consortium and Protection Approaches.<br />Twitter: @mariko_hys / @SEEAC_CIC<br /><br />Rosie Hodson (she/her)<br />Rosie Hodsdon splits her time between her roles as the Executive Assistant at National Ugly Mugs, a charity working to end all forms of violence against sex workers, and as an Assistant Tutor at the University of Sunderland. She is passionate about sex workers’ rights, inclusion and equality, and as a person with lived experience herself, is proud to engage in advocacy regarding community inclusion.<br />She has recently published her first paper alongside her NUM colleagues – Dr. Raven Bowen, Kerri Swindells and Charlotte Blake, entitled “Why Report? Sex Workers who Use NUM Opt out of Sharing Victimisation with Police”, exploring factors leading to sex worker exclusion from justice and support following harm and victimisation.<br />Twitter: @wordswithrosie<br /><br />www.nsunagm2021.com{% endraw %}
