---
title: "Kyler Gordon at 39? Where there’s smoke, there’s 🔥|| Chicago Bears News"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/o1OnYh0FtBI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "o1OnYh0FtBI"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["CHICAGO BEARS News","CHICAGO BEARS News Today","Kyler Gordon"]
date: "2022-04-18T02:52:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-17T23:00:12Z"
duration: "PT6M42S"
viewcount: "88"
likeCount: "15"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Mike'dup-on-DaBears"
---
{% raw %}Kyler Gordon At 39? Where there's smoke there's fire. For all the leaks, speculation, and rumors leading up to the NFL Draft every year, we're reminded annually how inexact a science mock drafts are. Best guesses, best estimations, but still imperfect. Like throwing a Mentos in a two-liter bottle of Coke and hoping for the best. So when Mel Kiper makes his first appearance into the second round in his mock this year and picks Kyler Gordon, we can only take it with a grain of salt, right? After all, he was 5 for 32 last year in the first round.<br />Chad Reuter also has Gordon at 39 and Fishbain tailing him at 48. Sky Moore Missed two games because of injury the past two seasons and had a history of ankle injuries in high school. He suffered a fractured left ankle as a senior in High school, requiring surgery, and missed almost all of his sophomore year because of a broken ankle. <br />George Pickens, Missed most of the 2021 season because of a torn ACL in his right knee during 2021 spring practices. <br />Christian Watson, Medicals will be necessary after multiple surgeries to repair torn cartilage in his knee (2019 offseason); and missed three games as a senior because of a hamstring injury.&quot; Yeah, but he signed multiple players with a history of injuries, right? It's one thing to sign a player to a one-year prove-it deal and another to commit to  4 years in a draft pick. Kevin White, for example. And there is the stockpile of in-house visits that seem to follow the same trend. Mid to late-round sleepers. Matt Eberflus also emphasized on Chris Collinsworth's podcast recently just how deep this draft is. And it is, especially at wide receiver, offensive line, and edge rushers. One position that isn't that deep is defensive back. And one thing all 32 teams have in common: they all need help at the corner position. It makes you take a step back and wonder if this does change things and lead Poles to go with the best available corner in Kyler Gordon.<br />Last season, that player was Vildor – who lined up 612 times as the left outside corner, Giving up 40 receptions on 56 targets for 608 yards and five touchdowns. <br />Drafting Gordon can give you that day one starter that can help minimize that mismatch advantage teams have had in the past. In his last year at Washington, Gordon registered 45 tackles, seven passes defended a forced fumble, and two interceptions. <br />Gordon is a highly explosive and twitchy athlete who accelerates quickly and emanates energy in coverage. He's a fluid mover with smooth hips and easy change-of-direction ability. Moreover, the Washington CB possesses impressive agility in short ranges. He can get low in his stance and quickly change direction while keeping his balance. A history with dance, kung fu, and ballet has helped Gordon refine his efficiency of motion. You simply can't replace traits — and Gordon has them. That is the slogan of scouting. You draft traits, not production. With his fast feet, fluid hips, and short-area burst, Gordon is incredibly sticky in coverage. He flashes insane closing speed at the catch point and can hit a rare second gear when initiating plays.<br />Furthermore, Gordon has exceptional long speed in pursuit. He can track down plays from across the field and from non-ideal angles. The Washington CB can flip his hips and double back across the field instantly. His twitch allows him to adjust tackling angles on short notice. In a similar vein, Gordon has the explosiveness and recovery athleticism to close ground quickly after initial losses. Gordon's physical upside is undoubtedly the chief selling point on his scouting report. Yet, the Washington product also has impressive refinement — he's not just a project.<br />Mentally, Gordon is strong. He is able to read keys and recognize distinguishing play concepts as they develop. He has good awareness in zone coverage and has shown he can manage and manipulate spacing in two-on-one situations. Additionally, Gordon has an eye for route concepts, which helps him quickly adapt when reading plays.<br />Gordon processes well, but beyond that, he plays with inspiring physicality and productivity. He willingly uses physicality at the line and can also use that physicality to engage and shed blocks. Gordon is an effusive tackler who brings an intense closing burst at the contact point. He can dish out hard hits and force the ball loose. Overall, Gordon appears to have a good mix of patience and aggressiveness as a defender.<br />Nevertheless, his most enticing executional trait is his ball skills. He can track the ball in the air and rise, contort, and extend to convert on opportunities that come his way.  Thanks, guys, be good.{% endraw %}
