---
title: "Will the Pony Motor RUN after 15+ Years? ~ DAY 3 ~ RARE 1954 Cat No.6 Shovel FORGOTTEN in a BARN"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/DdmOE8CVpc4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "DdmOE8CVpc4"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["restoration","Machine restoration","tools"]
date: "2022-05-20T21:48:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-19T20:03:59Z"
duration: "PT48M38S"
viewcount: "78373"
likeCount: "9718"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Salvage Workshop"
---
{% raw %}So there are ALWAYS issues with these old Cat Pony Motors, especially when they sit for SO long. Let's dive into it and see if we can FINALLY get it running!<br /><br />Also, I discovered some cool things in another barn on the property that go along with this No. 6 shovel, so make sure you stick around to see what I got! <br /><br />~<br /><br />The DAY by DAY Video PLAYLIST for the REVIVAL of this Rare Caterpillar No.6 Shovel and all of it's videos can be found HERE:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0rxHx0-xEM&amp;list=PLYawuZlnembuIBfBwmuEEHx_MrtFCtcFz">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0rxHx0-xEM&amp;list=PLYawuZlnembuIBfBwmuEEHx_MrtFCtcFz</a><br /><br />~<br /><br />I recently discovered this 60+ year old Caterpillar No 6 Shovel that has been sitting for 15+ years at a farm beautifully parked under a barn! Apparently they parked it one day due to a scare with a tree they were pushing down, and it hasn't moved since!<br /><br />Grandpa has honored me with the privilege of bring this old beast back to life, &amp; then BACK TO WORK! Join me on the journey as I show you what it TRULY takes to get old machines running again without doing major harm in the process! It takes a little longer to do it this way, but it's ALWAYS worth it!<br /><br />~<br /><br />This will be a little different than normal content, because my plan is to create a new video of the progress I make on the old machine as each day passes. We'll see how this goes, but I'd love to know your thoughts on the different content style, and if you are willing to follow along!<br /><br />Join me as I take you along on my journey through the many ups and downs of this project! I feel honored to be taking on this project, and I truly hope you enjoy the process and progress as we get this OLD CAT to ROAR once again.<br /><br />Thanks as always for watching and following along with all my crazy adventures here on Salvage Workshop, I TRULY appreciate it!<br /><br />Please enjoy! I know I did! <br /><br />~<br /><br />0:00 - Getting ready for the day<br />1:35 - Some of Old Red's parts <br />3:20 - Tearing into the pony motor/carburetor<br />18:20 - Draining the oil<br />19:45 - Making a new gasket<br />22:26 - Taking off the starter<br />25:47 - Trying to start the pony motor<br />33:22 - Finding some more parts for this machine<br />36:35 - Taking a look at the air filter<br />41:43 - Machine badge<br />44:26 - All of the parts to the machine<br />48:13 - Driving home for the day<br />~<br /><br />Check out this machine's younger brother, OLD RED. The  FULL playlist for the Caterpillar 955 TraxCavator can be found here:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2euoM5oaW5A&amp;list=PLYawuZlnembvbs8xSQBFADHZkvCQIlG01">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2euoM5oaW5A&amp;list=PLYawuZlnembvbs8xSQBFADHZkvCQIlG01</a><br /><br />~<br /><br />If you have any suggestions, questions, or comments, please leave them below! <br /><br />Thanks for stopping by, I truly appreciate your support! <br /><br />#No6Shovel #CaterpillarTrackLoader #SalvageWorkshop{% endraw %}
