---
title: "Small intestine Anatomy (⚡3D Animation)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/SPnsLFAEVLU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "SPnsLFAEVLU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["large intestine location in the body","large intestine anatomy","large intestine"]
date: "2022-04-05T22:00:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-06T10:03:19Z"
duration: "PT5M5S"
viewcount: "3204"
likeCount: "88"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The visual Class"
---
{% raw %}The small intestine has three parts: the duodenum, jejunum, and ileum. It helps to further digest food coming from the stomach. It absorbs nutrients (vitamins, minerals, carbohydrates, fats, proteins) and water from food so they can be used by the body. The small intestine is part of the digestive system.<br /><br />What are the 3 functions of the small intestine?<br />Overall, the function of the small intestine is to:<br />Churn and mix ingested food, making it into chyme.<br />Move the food along its entire length (into the colon)<br />Mix ingested food with mucus (making it easier to move)<br />Receive digesting enzymes from the pancreas and liver (via the pancreatic and common bile ducts)<br /><br />What problems can occur in the small intestine?<br />Diseases and disorders of the small intestine are common. They include Crohn's disease, celiac disease, small intestinal bacterial overgrowth, and irritable bowel syndrome. These may cause digestive symptoms such as abdominal pain, bloating, diarrhea, constipation, nausea, or vomiting.<br /><br />What happens to food in the small intestine?<br /><br />What happens to the digested food? The small intestine absorbs most of the nutrients in your food, and your circulatory system passes them on to other parts of your body to store or use. Special cells help absorbed nutrients cross the intestinal lining into your bloodstream.<br /><br /><br />The small intestine is the place where large amounts of nutrients and minerals along with water is absorbed. It secretes digestive juices which help in digestion and absorption of food. The juices from the pancreas and gallbladder will be transferred to the small intestine which helps in the process of digestion.<br /><br />What is small intestine short answer?<br />The small intestine, or small bowel, is a hollow tube about 20 feet long that runs from the stomach to the beginning of the large intestine. The small intestine breaks down food from the stomach and absorbs much of the nutrients from the food. The duodenum is the first part of the small intestine.<br /><br />What is small intestine and its function?<br />The small intestine has three parts: the duodenum, jejunum, and ileum. It helps to further digest food coming from the stomach. It absorbs nutrients (vitamins, minerals, carbohydrates, fats, proteins) and water from food so they can be used by the body. The small intestine is part of the digestive system.<br /><br />What is intestinal juice Class 7?<br /><br />The intestinal juice secreted by small intestine completes the digestion of carbohydrates, proteins and fats present in food mainly in the lower part of small intestine.<br /><br />small intestine<br /><br />small intestine animation<br /><br />anatomy of small intestine<br /><br />digestion in small intestine<br /><br />small intestine anatomy and physiology<br /><br />small intestine function<br /><br />intestine anatomy<br /><br />small intestine 3d animation<br /><br />small intestine class 11<br /><br />duodenum anatomy 3d<br /><br />intestine animation<br /><br />absorption in small intestine<br /><br />digestion in the small intestine<br /><br />jejunum and ileum anatomy{% endraw %}
