---
title: "Lee and Clementine Meet Carley, Lilly, Larry & Doug (Walking Dead | Drugstore | Telltale Games)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/o4WYsFaKxuU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "o4WYsFaKxuU"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["the walking dead","walking dead season 1","walking dead season 7"]
date: "2022-03-21T05:15:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-12-30T09:55:05Z"
duration: "PT38M53S"
viewcount: "77044"
likeCount: "853"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "CJake3"
---
{% raw %}Before the apocalypse, the pharmacy was located in Macon, Georgia and was a family run business operated by Mr. Everett, Mrs. Everett and Lee Everett's brother, B. Everett. Lee's father was the main business overseer and spent a great deal of time at the drugstore. As he grew older and his health slowly became more fragile, his son, B. Everett, began to take over the family business since Lee was teaching at the University of Georgia. The store not only sells medications and prescriptions, but other general merchandise as well such as foods (energy bars), batteries, copying services, services at a small snack bar, souvenirs, and even greeting cards.<br /><br />When the apocalypse began, Lee's parents began to fortify and take refuge inside the pharmacy office. The family gathered any supplies that they needed such as sleeping bags, a first aid kit, a family photo, and watched the television broadcast on the TV to get updated news about the situation. However, while trying to defend the store from either walkers or infected looters, Lee's father and brother tried to defend the store but were attacked and became infected themselves. Though a large amount of blood is seen on the floor near the sleeping bags, Lee's parents have not been seen whether alive, dead, or undead. Lee's brother however, became a walker and was trapped under a toppled power line when a truck impacted it causing it to fall on him just outside of the drugstore.<br /><br />&quot;A New Day&quot;<br />Lilly, her father Larry, Glenn, Carley, and Doug arrive at the drugstore before they meet Lee Everett and his group. They tried to get into the back counter of the pharmacy where the prescriptions and more valuable drugs and medications were but were unsuccessful since they needed a set of keys. When Lee's group of survivors arrive in Macon and are saved by Carley, Kenny and Larry have a huge argument and debate about who's infected and how risky it was to save Lee and Kenny's group. As the group's argument intensifies inside the drug store, Clementine is set upon by a walker hidden within the drugstore's bathroom. During the ensuing struggle, Carley shoots the walker down. Unfortunately the noise garners attention from outside and walkers begin to gather in larger numbers around the pharmacy and attempt to break the barricades down. Fortunately, heavy gunfire and small explosions in the distance draw the herd away. The close call fuels Larry's argument over tossing the new-comers out, and just as the heated words seem to reach their boiling point, Larry's heart condition returns and takes a turn for the worse causing him to collapse and calm down for the moment though the situation slowly grows worse. While he rests, the group takes shelter and tries to come up with a plan as they get to know each other.<br /><br />Lee finds his parents' blood and hideout and realizes that they are either dead or walkers, then finds his brother trapped outside under a power line as a walker when scouting with Doug. It can be discovered through conversations with Lilly that the deceased bodies of an older couple were removed from the building earlier. It's suggestive that these were the remains of Lee's parents. Lee grabs the family photo that his mother had and ripped himself out of the picture due to his situation with his family and to hide his past as a convicted murderer, then uses the picture to provide proof to Doug about his brother having the keys. Carley knows everything about Lee and his situation and confronts him in the office but decides to keep it a secret for the moment...<br /><br />Everett Pharmacy Drugstore is a primary location and safe house for the group of survivors in &quot;A New Day&quot; of Telltale Games' The Walking Dead: Season One. The group spends a large part of the evening and night at the pharmacy before it is overrun with walkers by the early morning where the survivors are forced to flee and abandon the building. walkingdead.wikia.com<br /><br />&quot;The Walking Dead&quot; Season 1 by Telltale Games. Episode 1 &quot;A New Day&quot; #CJakeWalker #LeeEverett #LeeCarleyRelations #KennyLives #ClementineForever #Kenny #WalkingDeadTelltale #CJakeWalkingDead #Clementine #WalkingDead #Telltale #WalkingDeadSeason1.      ► Watch more Walking Dead videos: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/cjakezombie">http://bit.ly/cjakezombie</a>{% endraw %}
