---
title: "Physical Therapy Exercises for Relieving Gas After Hysterectomy"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/WYzht18q9eY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "WYzht18q9eY"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["gas after hysterectomy","hysterectomy exercises","Physical therapy"]
date: "2022-01-16T05:30:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-05-08T03:43:11Z"
duration: "PT6M48S"
viewcount: "2200954"
likeCount: "17363"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Michelle Kenway"
---
{% raw %}Relieve gas pain after hysterectomy &amp; promote your hysterectomy recovery with these safe, gentle  exercises presented by Physiotherapist Michelle from <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.pelvicexercises.com.au.">https://www.pelvicexercises.com.au.</a> Exercises suitable for most women with gas after abdominal, vaginal or laparoscoscopic hysterectomy.<br /><br />Can you help other women relieve gas pain after hysterectomy and transcribe this video to a language other than English? <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.youtube.com/timedtext_video?v=WYzht18q9eY&amp;ref=share">http://www.youtube.com/timedtext_video?v=WYzht18q9eY&amp;ref=share</a><br />Thank you!<br /><br /><br />This video guides you through 7 simple exercises for your hysterectomy recovery. These exercises are performed in bed and standing upright. <br /><br />The 7 Physiotherapy Exercises demonstrated are:<br /><br />1. Lumbar Rotations<br />• Lying down knees bent and feet flat supported on the mattress<br />• Rotate your knees from one side of your body to the other<br />• Keep the rotation action small range and avoid twisting through your trunk<br /><br />2. Pelvic Tilts<br />• Start lying down with your knees bent and feet flat on the mattress<br />• Gently flatten the curve of your lower back towards the mattress<br />• Return to your starting position and repeat<br /><br />3. Heel Slides<br />• Lying down on your back with both legs extended<br />• Slide one heel along the mattress towards your buttock<br />• Extend the same leg by sliding your heel away from your buttock<br /><br />4. Abdominal Massage<br />• Lying on your side or on your back with your knees bent<br />• Gently massage your upper abdomen (above your navel) in a clockwise direction<br /><br />5. Pelvic Rocking<br />• Lean against a window sill or back of a chair <br />• Gently rock your hips from one side to another <br /><br />6. Hip Rotation<br />• Lean against a window sill or the high back of a chair <br />• Rotate your hips as if using a hula hoop in one direction and in the other direction<br /><br />7. Walking<br /><br />Walk at intervals throughout the day attending to good upright posture.<br /><br />How Often to do These Exercises?<br /><br />These exercises to relieve gas pain can be performed at intervals though out the day. You may like to do a few of these exercises after  resting in bed for some time. <br /><br />The standing exercises can usually be performed when you feel comfortable standing without assistance. You may choose to do a few of these exercises every couple of hours.<br /><br />Tips for Safe Exercises After Hysterectomy<br /><br />• Supporting your abdomen with a cushion or small pillow can help you move with less discomfort.<br />• Move slowly and gently during these exercises.<br />• Breath regularly and avoid holding your breath during your exercises.<br />• Cease any exercise that causes any physical discomfort.<br />• Repeat the number of exercises that feels comfortable for your body.<br />• Keep a chair close by should you need to sit down quickly during standing exercises and walking.<br /><br />These exercises are provided as general information and should not take the place of exercises prescribed by your treating health practitioner.{% endraw %}
