---
title: "10 Sightings of the Megalodon That May Prove It Exists"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/wah2CJdA3mU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "wah2CJdA3mU"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["10B","Top","Best"]
date: "2022-02-03T08:30:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-03T00:03:48Z"
duration: "PT10M1S"
viewcount: "832"
likeCount: "103"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "10B"
---
{% raw %}10 Sightings of the Megalodon That May Prove It Exists<br /><br />➤ Welcome to 10B, your #1 place for all your amazing videos that will inspire you everyday. So make sure to SUBSCRIBE and never miss a video!<br /><br />➤ SUBSCRIBE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSNULArGuvbKyOlSwxsUh3g?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSNULArGuvbKyOlSwxsUh3g?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />No prehistoric animal is more famous than the megalodon. Debates about its existence in this day and age have been going on for decades. While many experts definitely say that these monsters are long gone, some still fervently believe that they still roam the earth's waters. And that's because of evidence like these. Number 1 might change your mind about the meg, too, so stay tuned!<br />Number 10. The Google map sighting<br />Let's start with the most obvious sighting out there. Since its inception, Google maps have captured the most bizarre locations ever. It helps us find strange stuff we never believe exists. One time, it showed a picture of something that supposedly looked like a Kraken. While people were amazed at the possibilities of this animal's existence, they later realized that the image was a rock. There are other cases where there's a discovery on the map, and regardless of how scientists try to explain it, it is far beyond them.<br />This footage was captured somewhere in the Bahamas. You can see the silhouette of a giant fish. How are we confident that the animal is colossal? We know because the image was taken by satellites orbiting the earth. It takes only a large animal to feature on this footage. Could it be a whale shark? If not, what are the possibilities of it being any other animal? Well, if you look closely, you'd realize that the image is far from the description of a whale shark. It may be premature to declare it as a megalodon, but the chances that this is the case are high.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.fiveminutesspare.com/entertainment/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2019/09/hqdefault.jpg">https://www.fiveminutesspare.com/entertainment/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2019/09/hqdefault.jpg</a><br />Number 9. Megalodon Teeth <br />Have you ever wondered why all beachside souvenir shops sell one of those necklaces with a shark's tooth as a pendant? Neither have I, as I find those too tacky for my taste. But then again, there's a reason why there are a lot of those being sold, and that's not because of some covert black market on shark dentistry. As it turns out, sharks will always have a fresh set of chompers. Their worn-out teeth get completely replaced with new ones every couple of weeks or so. That's the reason why the seafloor is littered with them. The megalodon does the same thing. Now, there has been a lot of controversies involved with found megalodon teeth. <br />Some of them have been dated to roughly around 10,000 years ago, specifically the ones recovered by the HMS Challenger, which is millions of years after what scientists think the time megalodon went extinct. If the dating is accurate, megalodons have survived to a far later time than previously thought. Now, if scientists made a mistake with their calculations, who's to say that they didn't make a mistake about declaring the megalodon extinct<br />Number 8. An Unverified Attack <br />Next up is not with an actual sighting but with the possible outcome of a close encounter with a megalodon. A few years ago, a photo surfaced on the internet showing a beached whale. While seeing a beached whale is already strange in itself, there's something that sets this event apart from the rest. The whale's entire tail is missing, and it looks like it's been bitten off by something large. The most compelling thing about the photo is that you can clearly see bite marks around where the tail should have been. <br />Now, this is a 70-foot humpback whale, one of the largest animals in the oceans, who could have done such a thing? While it is true that Orcas or killer whales have a habit of hunting and feeding on whales, it isn't known whether they can take on a whale of this size. Plus, experts believe that the tail was shorn off in one bite. The only animal with the size and strength to possibly do this is, you've guessed it, the mighty megalodon.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRwFpDkQYP4">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRwFpDkQYP4</a><br />number 7. The Coast Guard Footage <br />Aside from sailors, who obviously spend most of their lives at sea, coastguards are the most likely people to spot a meg and finally confirm that they still roam the world's waters. On their rescue helicopters, they would have the perfect vantage point to spot anything lurking below the waves. And in this very controversial footage, they might have accidentally found the presumed extinct giant shark.{% endraw %}
