---
title: "How to Find an Ideal Partner | Relationship Science"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/oJlxXDlpuJ0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "oJlxXDlpuJ0"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["choosing a life partner","how to choose a partner wisely","relationship advice"]
date: "2022-05-22T15:59:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-22T21:55:16Z"
duration: "PT8M3S"
viewcount: "4082"
likeCount: "780"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "ishoppe.online"
---
{% raw %}3 Things People Look for in an #ideal_Partner | #Relationship_Science<br /><br />Whether you pick up a glossy magazine or browse thru Google for advice on relationships, you are bound to read something about what to look for when searching for a perfect partner.<br /><br />Although much of this is opinion-based, there is a scientific basis to the kinds of qualities that we value when seeking out that special someone.<br /><br />What are these qualities as determined by the science of relationships? <br /><br />Research conducted in both evolutionary psychology and social psychology suggests that people lock in on three important broad characteristics. <br /><br />We evaluate potential mates across these three characteristics because these qualities are indicators of whether a prospective partner is of “good stock” — they have good genes and are a “good investment”  — they are responsible, caring, and willing to invest in a relationship.<br /><br />These characteristics are: <br /><br />1. Warmth and Trustworthiness <br />— are characteristics that include qualities such as being supportive and a good listener, showing kindness and understanding towards another, as well as being faithful and dependable. <br /><br />Although some people may value some of these specific qualities more than others, in general, both men and women rate warmth and trustworthiness very highly. <br /><br />As social beings, we all have the need for human connection — we want to feel loved, we want to experience comfort in the arms of another — a warm and caring person is therefore likely to fulfill our fundamental emotional needs. <br /><br />Also, we all want someone we can trust, as this reduces our uncertainty about what the future may hold with a potential partner.<br /><br />2. Vitality and Attractiveness <br />— are characteristics that not only include a person’s physical attractiveness but also whether they seem to be a healthy and energetic individual. <br /><br />Because of this, people value additional qualities, such as being adventurous, outgoing, and exuding charisma. What all these qualities have in common is that they signal that a potential partner has good genes. Put another way, they are likely to be able to produce healthy offspring so that one’s genetic lineage will continue.<br /><br />3. Status and Resources <br />— are also regarded as important partner characteristics. But it’s not about the extent to which a potential mate has a lavish house or a high-paying job. <br /><br />Status and resources are about a partner’s ability to “provide” for another and one’s future family. What we mean by status and resources is that a person has a certain degree of social standing and resources that can be invested into a relationship to ensure financial security, and that basic goods and services can be obtained and maintained. <br /><br />From this perspective, status and resources include qualities such as having financial security, maintaining a home or apartment, and keeping a decent job.<br /><br />Do men and women want the same thing?<br />Many people believe that men and women hold quite different views about what they want in an ideal partner. The reality is that although there are some sex differences, men and women are more similar than one might think. <br /><br />When seeking out a long-term relationship partner, both sexes place the highest importance on a partner who exhibits warmth and trustworthiness, but this is closely followed by vitality and attractiveness as well as status and resources. <br /><br />So the reality is that all three partner ideals matter to both sexes. When sex differences are identified, it’s usually that men place greater importance on vitality or attractiveness over women, while women place greater importance on status or resources over men. <br /><br />But these differences are generally small and often depend on other factors, such as whether one is seeking a long-term or short-term relationship.<br /><br />So when looking for that special someone, ask yourself three Questions:<br /><br />1. To what extent does a potential partner exhibit the characteristics we all so value: are they warm and trustworthy, appear attractive and exude vitality, and, or possess status and resources?<br /><br />2. Does a potential mate meet your ideals or expectations?<br /><br />3. Are your ideals realistic? Remember, it’s natural to place importance on the three partner characteristics being mentioned. <br /><br />But, if you set your standards too high or expect one person to have it all, then no one — not even the almost perfect partner — will ever be Mr. or Mrs. Right. <br /><br />BE YOURSELF. BE YOU! | <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.ishoppe.online">https://www.ishoppe.online</a><br /><br />------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Author: Gery Karantzas, Ph.D., Associate Professor and the Director of the Science of Adult Relationships (SoAR) Laboratory in the School of Psychology at Deakin University. <br />Relationship Science Online: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://relationshipscienceonline.com/">http://relationshipscienceonline.com/</a>{% endraw %}
