---
title: "Human Eye | #aumsum #kids #science #education #children"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/eDIma_Ai1Rc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "eDIma_Ai1Rc"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Smart learning for all","Education","Study"]
date: "2022-01-26T14:09:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-05-19T12:08:40Z"
duration: "PT10M35S"
viewcount: "2829020"
likeCount: "23448"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "It's AumSum Time"
---
{% raw %}Our topic for today is Human Eye.<br />The human eye is one of the most valuable sense organs that enables us to see the world around us.<br />Let us study about the different parts of an eye.<br />Sclera is a tough outer coat that protects the entire eyeball.<br />Choroid is a vascular layer of the eye.<br />It contains blood vessels that nourish the inner parts of the eye.<br />Cornea is the front portion of the eye.<br />It is convex in shape and bulges outside.<br />Light enters the eye through the cornea.<br />Iris is a dark muscular diaphragm located just behind the cornea.<br />It regulates the amount of light entering the eye by adjusting the size of the pupil.<br />Pupil is a hole in the middle of the iris.<br />Size of the pupil decreases or increases depending upon the intensity of light entering the eye.<br />It is made up of a transparent jelly like substance, which is made up of proteins.<br />It is held in position by the ciliary muscles and suspensory ligaments (ciliary zonules).<br />The ciliary muscles and suspensory ligaments adjust the focal length of the eye so that we can see distant and nearby objects clearly.<br />The ability of the eye to focus on distant and nearby objects by changing the focal length is called accommodation.<br />Aqueous humor is a viscous liquid filled in the area between the cornea and eye lens.<br />It prevents the eye from collapsing due to changes in the atmospheric pressure.<br />Retina is a delicate membrane having a large number of light sensitive cells.<br />The light sensitive cells get activated upon illumination and generate electrical signals.<br />The light sensitive cells are are of two types.<br />Rods: Cells that respond to the intensity of light.<br />Cones: Cells that respond to the color of objects.<br />An inverted real image of the object is formed on the retina.<br />The electrical signals generated by the cells are sent to the brain through the optic nerve.<br />The brain reassembles the signals into a meaningful image and gives rise to the sensation of vision.<br />Vitreous humor is a jelly like substance filled in the space between the retina and the eye lens.<br />It helps in maintaining the shape of the eye.<br />Blind spot is a small region in the retina where the optic nerve enters the eye.<br />It is insensitive to light.<br />Hence, it is called the blind spot.<br />Macula is a tiny area in the retina which is responsible for clear and sharp vision.<br />Fovea centralis is a small area inside the macula.<br />Here, maximum number of cones are present.{% endraw %}
