---
title: "\"IT IS HAPPENING!..\" The Pyramids Something Unbelievable Is Here (2022)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/wwLN9940Q80\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "wwLN9940Q80"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["2022","video","best"]
date: "2022-01-22T09:33:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-21T20:30:04Z"
duration: "PT10M11S"
viewcount: "32040"
likeCount: "2088"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Anonymous Official"
---
{% raw %}MUST WATCH THIS - The Pyramids Something Unbelievable Is Here! IT IS HAPPENING!..<br /><br />The Great Pyramid of Giza (also known as the Pyramid of Khufu or the Pyramid of Cheops) is the oldest and largest of the pyramids in the Giza pyramid complex bordering present-day Giza in Greater Cairo, Egypt. It is the oldest of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, and the only one to remain largely intact. Egyptologists conclude that the pyramid was built as a tomb for the Fourth Dynasty Egyptian pharaoh Khufu and estimate that it was built in the 26th century BC during a period of around 27 years. Initially standing at 146.5 metres (481 feet), the Great Pyramid was the tallest man-made structure in the world for more than 3,800 years. Throughout history the majority of the smooth white limestone casing was removed, which lowered the pyramid's height to the present 138.5 metres (454.4 ft). What is seen today is the underlying core structure. The base was measured to be about 230.3 metres (755.6 ft) square, giving a volume of roughly 2.6 million cubic metres (92 million cubic feet), which includes an internal hillock.<br /><br />The Great Pyramid was built by quarrying an estimated 2.3 million large blocks weighing 6 million tonnes total. The majority of stones are not uniform in size or shape and are only roughly dressed. The outside layers were bound together by mortar. Primarily local limestone from the Giza Plateau was used. Other blocks were imported by boat down the Nile: White limestone from Tura for the casing, and granite blocks from Aswan, weighing up to 80 tonnes, for the King's Chamber structure.<br /><br />&quot;Ancient astronauts&quot; (or &quot;ancient aliens&quot;) refers to a pseudoscientific hypothesis, that intelligent extraterrestrial beings visited Earth and made contact with humans in antiquity and prehistoric times. Proponents suggest that this contact influenced the development of modern cultures, technologies, religions, and human biology. A common position is that deities from most, if not all, religions are extraterrestrial in origin, and that advanced technologies brought to Earth by ancient astronauts were interpreted as evidence of divine status by early humans.<br /><br />The hypothesis that ancient astronauts existed and allegedly visited Earth is not taken seriously by most academics and archaeologists, which consider it to be pseudoarchaeological and/or unscientific, and has received no credible attention in peer reviewed studies. When proponents of the idea present evidence in favor of their beliefs, it is often distorted or fabricated.<br /><br />Extraterrestrial life is hypothetical life that may occur outside Earth and which did not originate on Earth. Such life might range from simple prokaryotes (or comparable life forms) to intelligent beings and even sapient beings, possibly bringing forth civilizations that might be far more advanced than humanity. The Drake equation speculates about the existence of sapient life elsewhere in the universe. The science of extraterrestrial life in all its forms is known as astrobiology.<br /><br />The concept of extraterrestrial life, and particularly extraterrestrial intelligence, has had a major cultural impact, chiefly in works of science fiction. Over the years, science fiction communicated scientific ideas, imagined a wide range of possibilities, and influenced public interest in and perspectives of extraterrestrial life. One shared space is the debate over the wisdom of attempting communication with extraterrestrial intelligence. Some encourage aggressive methods to try for contact with intelligent extraterrestrial life. Others—citing the tendency of technologically advanced human societies to enslave or wipe out less advanced societies—argue that it may be dangerous to actively call attention to Earth.<br /><br />This is, &quot;IT IS HAPPENING!..&quot; The Pyramids Something Unbelievable Is Here<br /><br />SUBSCRIBE @Anonymous Official  for more<br /><br />Follow us<br />YouTube <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/anonymous">https://youtube.com/anonymous</a><br />Instagram <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/anonymous">https://instagram.com/anonymous</a><br />Twitter <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/anonymousofcl">https://twitter.com/anonymousofcl</a><br />Facebook <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/anonymousdirect">https://www.facebook.com/anonymousdirect</a><br /><br />Content licensed in part by CTD Clip Licensing Group.<br /><br />MOTIVATIONAL<br />MOTIVATIONAL EDUCATION<br />MOTIVATIONAL VIDEO<br />MOTIVATIONAL RECOMMENDED<br /><br />2022 truth message full video new video today this week this month this year education motivational follow recommended motivation educational aliens ufo documentary universe earth{% endraw %}
