---
title: "Ja Rule - Wonderful (Feat. R. Kelly & Ashanti) [Tradução \/ Legendado]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ws6KfgT-dvw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ws6KfgT-dvw"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Wonderful","(Feat.","Kelly"]
date: "2022-05-01T22:23:15+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-12-17T21:00:07Z"
duration: "PT4M33S"
viewcount: "952513"
likeCount: "34829"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Nostalgia"
---
{% raw %}✔ Espero que gostem ; <br /><br />♫ Se inscreva ; <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_QdwZ6-X_rjmwiOGhh6AOg?disable_polymer=true">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_QdwZ6-X_rjmwiOGhh6AOg?disable_polymer=true</a><br /><br />❥ <br />• Não esqueça de deixar seu like e compartilhar. Vlw •<br /><br />#JaRule #Wonderful<br /><br />Tradução<br />Legendado<br />PT/BR<br /><br />[Lyrics] <br /><br />Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh<br /><br />[R. Kelly &amp; (Ashanti)]<br />If it wasn’t for the money, cars and movie stars and jewels<br />And all these things I've got<br />I wonder, hey<br />Would you still want me? (Want you)<br />Would you still be calling me? (Still be calling you)<br />Will you be loving me? (I’ll be loving you, oh)<br /><br />[Ja Rule]<br />Wanna keep you flawed with no dough<br />Pimpin' ain't easy, trust me, I know<br />When gangstas and hoes go, go, go, go, go, go together<br />Like chinchilla and bad weather, I'm good but been better<br />All my bros, chedda and glamorous things<br />Copped a few cars, a crib with a east and west wing<br />'Cause this is how I'm livin' and ya'll women know the secrets<br />Of how to get it and keep it, how to prey on my weakness?<br />It's the power of the P-U-S-S-Y<br />Got a lotta niggaz wonderin', it ain't just I<br />Gotta keep ya cash comin' and that's on my life<br />If it wasn't for the money and the things I got<br />Shit, she probably wouldn't like me<br />But I keep her and Irv and Jeffrey quite icy<br />Sip seraphin', who doesn't like me?<br />And the murderous I-N-C<br /><br />[R. Kelly &amp; (Ashanti)]<br />If it wasn’t for the money, cars and movie stars and jewels<br />And all these things I've got<br />I wonder, hey<br />Would you still want me? (Want you)<br />Would you still be calling me? (Still be calling you)<br />Will you be loving me? (I’ll be loving you, oh)<br /><br />[R. Kelly]<br />But how many girls does it take to get to mack status, player status?<br />Pimps that get the boy half rich before we hit show biz<br />But show biz brought next level chicks<br />Pull up them in them hot cars, go and buy the whole bar nigga<br />I came from the dirt, what you want me to say?<br />I'm at the top of the world and life's a pussy buffet<br />And that's why I get M.I.A<br />Shut the game down so the bustas can't play<br />Mami, hell yeah, I splurge money, hell yeah, I act funny<br />Look at you like, fuck you, all the shit I been through<br />It's a wonder why I'm still here<br />Said I was gone, but I'm still here<br />And all you bitches that left me here<br />It's mighty strange how you right back here<br /><br />[R. Kelly &amp; (Ashanti)]<br />If it wasn’t for the money, cars and movie stars and jewels<br />And all these things I've got<br />I wonder, hey<br />Would you still want me? (Want you)<br />Would you still be calling me? (Still be calling you)<br />Will you be loving me? (I’ll be loving you, oh)<br /><br />[Ja Rule &amp; (R. Kelly)]<br />I wonder why love is about money<br />And why you wanna take it all from me<br />Honey, my life is dark but it's lovely<br />Crimes, cars, cribs, ain't that right, Kelly? (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)<br />Y'all bitches don't know<br />Money ain't a thang, mami need a little change<br />Girl, I'm pitchin' quarters<br />Closest to the arches but live in a fortress<br />New Benzes, new Porsches<br />New cases, new lawyers<br />I'm becoming the infamous notorious rule<br />Niggas couldn't walk a mile in my shoes<br />Niggas don't possess the heart that I do<br />And it's a wonder that I'm still here<br />Thought I was gone but I'm still here<br />And all you bitches that left me here<br />It's kinda funny how you right back there<br /><br />[R. Kelly &amp; (Ashanti)]<br />If it wasn’t for the money, cars and movie stars and jewels<br />And all these things I've got<br />I wonder, hey<br />Would you still want me? (Want you)<br />Would you still be calling me? (Still be calling you)<br />Will you be loving me? (I’ll be loving you, oh)<br /><br />[R. Kelly]<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh<br />Oh, oh, oh, oh{% endraw %}
