---
title: "NATO significantly increases number of fighters on alert. NATO practices with Finland, Sweden."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/-PGX0zq2bEM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "-PGX0zq2bEM"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["UFK","Defence News","America"]
date: "2022-04-20T06:58:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-19T23:00:01Z"
duration: "PT6M2S"
viewcount: "1711"
likeCount: "315"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "UFK Channel"
---
{% raw %}NATO significantly increases number of fighters on alert<br />The North Atlantic Treaty Organization announced on its Twitter account that allies have significantly increased the number of fighter jets on alert.<br /><br />“They [fighter jets] are conducting around the clock air patrols over eastern Europe to safeguard Allied air space,” the NATO said in a Twitter post Monday.<br /><br />The alliance’s Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg early said it would “do whatever it takes” to defend “every inch of Nato territory” from any Russian attack.<br />NATO said it has more than 100 fighter jets on high alert and 200 ships positioned from north to south to deter Russia from escalating the war in Eastern Europe beyond Ukraine.<br /><br />These fighter jets are actively monitoring the airspace over and adjacent to NATO Allies, standing ready to ensure the safety and integrity of Allied airspace. All NATO and national air policing aircraft operate in accordance with international air safety regulations and coordinate closely with civilian Air Traffic Control.<br /><br />The fighter jets are also supported by Allied refuelling aircraft and NATO Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft to maintain a heightened state of readiness to reinforce the deterrence and defense posture of NATO’s eastern flank.<br />NATO practices air interoperability with Finland, Sweden amid Russia’s threats<br />NATO Allies and partners Finland and Sweden have had a week of intensive cooperation in the skies over Estonia in the just-concluded exercise Ramstein Alloy. <br /><br />The regular NATO exercise focused on real-world scenarios faced by NATO’s Air Policing personnel deployed in the Baltic region.<br /><br />The drills included air combat training, air-to-air refueling, and identification and escort of an aircraft suffering from communication loss.<br /><br />The exercise was an opportunity to train together and improve the ability of NATO’s air forces to operate together as well as with partners. Crews and aircraft from Belgium, the Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Germany, Spain, Turkey, and the UK took part, alongside the Finnish and Swedish air forces.<br /><br />Allies have practiceв air interoperability with Finland and Sweden amid growing worry over Russia’s threats. Russian President Vladimir Putin has framed NATO expansion as a threat to Russia, and Moscow warns both countries of serious military and political consequences if they become members.<br /><br />Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on Feb. 24 triggered a surge in support for joining NATO in the two traditionally militarily non-aligned Nordic countries, with polls showing a majority of respondents willing to join the alliance in Finland and supporters of NATO in Sweden clearly outnumbering those against the idea.{% endraw %}
