---
title: "Boost Your Self-Esteem & Be Happy - Binaural Beats & Isochronic Tones (With Subliminal Messages)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Z-mZE90ETD0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Z-mZE90ETD0"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["happy","happiness","sad"]
date: "2022-02-06T07:12:21+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-07-16T16:05:09Z"
duration: "PT9H33M17S"
viewcount: "180077"
likeCount: "3212"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Minds in Unison"
---
{% raw %}Disclaimer: This recording should not be used as a substitute for any medical care you may be receiving. Click 'show more' below to read the full disclaimer. This MP3 is now available to DOWNLOAD 🎵 *** <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindsinunison.com/hypnosis-mp3-downloads">https://mindsinunison.com/hypnosis-mp3-downloads</a> ***🎵 Click to DOWNLOAD the MP3.<br /><br />Full disclaimer: This recording along with any other recordings on this channel should not be used as a substitute for any medical care you may be receiving. You should always refer to a doctor when necessary. Do not listen while driving or operating machinery, only listen in a place where you can relax and let go. If you need any help or advice, please contact me via my website at: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindsinunison.com/contact-me">https://mindsinunison.com/contact-me</a><br /><br />This recording uses both Binaural Beats and Isochronic Tones.<br /><br />This recording starts at a frequency of 2.75 hz (Delta) and slowly decreases over the course of 45 minutes, down to a frequency of 2.00 hz (Delta) for the remainder of the recording. This recording also contains subliminal messages. You will find the list of subliminal messages below.<br /><br />Got a query or need help? Click here for a list of FAQs: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindsinunison.com/faqs">https://mindsinunison.com/faqs</a><br /><br />Here is a list of all the subliminal affirmations/messages in this recording.<br /><br />I feel good about being alive<br /> <br />I feel good about my life<br /> <br />I am proud of who I am<br /> <br />I am resilient<br /> <br />I am resourceful<br /> <br />I can achieve anything because I am a strong person<br /> <br />I have complete belief in myself<br /> <br />People like me because I am an interesting person<br /> <br />I am kind and thoughtful<br /> <br />I have so much to offer this world<br /> <br />I am an incredible person<br /> <br />I deserve to have good things happen to me<br /> <br />I deserve to be happy<br /> <br />I am happy<br /> <br />I feel good about myself<br /> <br />I love and respect the person that I am<br /> <br />In this moment right now, I feel so happy<br /> <br />I am a confident person<br /> <br />I deserve to be happy and healthy<br /> <br />I am in complete control of what happens in my life<br /> <br />People like me because I am a nice person<br /> <br />I respect myself<br /> <br />Everyone respects me<br /> <br />I am perfect just the way I am<br /> <br />My happiness grows stronger every day<br /> <br />My confidence grows stronger every day<br /> <br />I am an amazing person<br /> <br />When I speak, I speak with confidence<br /> <br />I have the confidence to achieve anything I want to<br /> <br />I am excited about my future<br /> <br />I feel good about everything<br /> <br />I feel safe and protected<br /> <br />I am safe and protected<br /> <br />I am free<br /> <br />Every day is filled with amazing possibilities <br /> <br />I look and feel great<br /> <br />Life is amazing<br /> <br />I am a nice person that deserves to be loved<br /> <br />I am loved<br /> <br />I deserve to have amazing things happen to me every day<br /> <br />I face any challenges with confidence and enthusiasm<br /> <br />People enjoy my company because I am a happy, fun person<br /> <br />I am in total control of my emotions<br /> <br />I am a strong-minded person<br /> <br />I have so much potential<br /> <br />I believe in myself<br /> <br />Everyone likes me<br /> <br />I always focus on happy thoughts<br /> <br />I am a positive person<br /> <br />I love my life<br /> <br />My life is an incredible gift<br /> <br />I embrace every day<br /> <br />I love the way I look<br /> <br />I can see all the beauty in the world<br /> <br />I smile everyday<br /> <br />My self-esteem is getting stronger every day<br /> <br />I see the positives in every situation<br /> <br />When I wake up each morning, I feel amazing<br /> <br />When I wake up each morning, I am ready for anything  <br /> <br />(((((All of the above are repeated throughout the recording)))))<br /><br />Subliminal messages, Binaural Beats, and Isochronic Tones by Minds in Unison. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindsinunison.com/">https://mindsinunison.com/</a> River sounds from pond5.com<br /><br />Royalty free music from Chris Collins, indiemusicbox.com<br />Everything is protected by copyright.{% endraw %}
