---
title: "Catch a Better Life - Daily Devotional and Fishing Tip January 20th"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/kDqGkHi79tU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "kDqGkHi79tU"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Jimmy Houston Outdoors","Catch of the day","christian encouragement"]
date: "2022-01-20T23:20:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-20T11:00:33Z"
duration: "PT4M9S"
viewcount: "2975"
likeCount: "788"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Catch of the Day - Daily Devotional"
---
{% raw %}Each day Jimmy will read a devotional from his soon to be released devotional book Catch a Better Life, daily devotional and have a fishing tip to start your day.  Be sure and share with your friends and start your day off with a positive message.<br /><br />This will be available in print sometime in March and will be available along with &quot;Catch of the Day&quot; at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://jimmyhouston.com/collections/">https://jimmyhouston.com/collections/</a><br /><br />Subscribe on YouTube and Follow on Facebook  to make sure you don’t miss a day!<br /><br />Jimmy's insights on Faith and Family are a great way to start your day as a Daily Devotional for men or a daily devotional for women too. He relates Christian principles in a simple way using his knowledge of fishing and career as a professional angler to be a light for Christ and share GOD's message of love, hope, and kindness. Jimmy admits his faults and misgivings and helps you learn how to be a better Christian drawing experience from his own mistakes. Jimmy makes understanding Christian values so easy that it makes Catch of the Day a great Daily Devotional for Youth as well. <br />Jimmy has been a long time member of the Fellowship of Christian Anglers Society(FOCAS), and is a strong believer in power of fishing as a tool to become, in Christ's words, Fishers of Men. As more and more people turn away from traditional, organized religion, it's time Christians embrace Jesus's message of love and kindness to reach others for Christ with a servants heart, and be a living witness for Jesus. With over 50 years as a professional angler, and over 40 years on television with his show Jimmy Houston Outdoors, he has used his public platform to reach others for Christ. Jimmy Houston credits his years of success to his faithful walk with Christ and Devotion to the lord. He admits he struggles but works everyday to live for Jesus and become a better ambassador for Christ's love. <br />#fishing #bassfishing #outdoors <br />----------------------------------------­-----------------<br />ORDER BOOKS and OTHER MERCHANDISE<br />jimmyhouston.com<br />Book: The Prayer Map for Men: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/3bR42E2">https://amzn.to/3bR42E2</a><br />Book: The Prayer Map for Women: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/3aFHPsJ">https://amzn.to/3aFHPsJ</a><br />----------------------------------------­----------------------------------------­-<br />Send me mail :D <br />Jimmy Houston Outdoors<br />PO Box 129<br />Cookson OK 74427<br /><br />Customer Service - jimmyhoustonshop@gmail.com <br />Advertising- Jeremy@JeremyCombs.US<br />Booking – sherri.jhouston@sbcglobal.net<br />Subscribe for new videos Daily<br /><br />#rangerboats #Shell #shellrotella #HiSeas #hiseasfishingline #mercurymarine #MinnKota #BassProShop #cabelas #garminfishhunt #garmin #trackerboats #tracker #SuperStart #superstartbatteries #OReilly #oreillyautoparts #southfreshfeeds #southfresh #deerfeed #morrell #morrellarchery #SoutheastPondManagement #sepond #solarbat #solarbatsunglasses #spikeit #Color-C-Lector #HiTechRods #htenterprises #LuckeStrike #JacksonKayaks #Orion #orioncoolers #thmarine #powerpole #camocombo #legendspinnerbait #ExpresswayDodgeChryslerJeepRam #expresswayautomall #outofthevalley #nutriproducts #outofthevalley #ocmulgeeriverbuckmaker #Trickstep1 #rmindinc #BioRiteUSA{% endraw %}
