---
title: "ENSURE GOLD | NAKAKATABA BA? | PRODUCT REVIEW"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/cW2EPbk6KWg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "cW2EPbk6KWg"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["ensure gold","abbot","ensure gold abbot"]
date: "2022-02-02T18:36:53+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-04-21T12:07:34Z"
duration: "PT12M35S"
viewcount: "4436"
likeCount: "57"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Daddy Ric The Reality of Life"
---
{% raw %}ENSURE GOLD PRODUCT REVIEW<br />#ensuregold #abbot #productreview<br /><br />Ensure Gold ano nga ba ang epekto sa katawan? ito ay isang simpleng review upang ipakita ang epekto ng Ensure Gold sa mga katulad nating 50 years old pataas.<br /><br />Note:<br />The background music captured in this video is coming from the neighbor who is playing loud music at the time of the recording. No copyright infringement intended as per disclaimer below.<br /><br />Join this channel to get access to perks:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfobx-JIx7rb0UBrAums89A/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfobx-JIx7rb0UBrAums89A/join</a><br /><br />-This video is for teaching &amp; entertaining purposes.<br />-It is transformative in nature.<br />-I might be using bits and pieces of videos, music and photos to get the point across where necessary.<br /><br />I make these videos intending to educate others in a motivational/inspirational form. I do not own some of the photos, clips, and music we use in most cases. My understanding is that it is in correlation to the disclaimer stated hereunder under the Fair Use Act and no copyright infringement intended, however, given that it is open to interpretation, if any owners of the content clips would like me to remove the video, I have no problem with that and will do so as fast as possible. Please message us on YouTube if you have any concerns.<br /><br />Note to Viewers:<br />Please don't skip the ads, the revenue of my channel is dedicated to assisting children with severe illnesses. Thank you for your support God bless!<br /><br />Business Contact:<br />Email: ricbrigar@gmail.com<br />Follow me in my<br />FB PAGE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.facebook.com/DaddyRicVlogs">http://www.facebook.com/DaddyRicVlogs</a><br />Twitter: @Richard74198730<br />IG: daddy.ric_the_reality_of_life<br /><br />THIS CHANNEL:<br />Daddy Ric The Reality of Life Channel -  Mostly discussed things showing the reality of life. Either from family, friends, work, community, motivational talk, inspirational views, and the latest news in the Philippines through commentary, reaction, and constructive criticism. <br />This channel provides truthful and fair opinions where people from different walks of life will learn, analyze &amp; enlighten their own point of view.<br /><br />Don't forget to LIKE, leave you COMMENT, SUBSCRIBE, hit the BELL, click ALL so you will not miss new updates from me, and SHARE so we can spread the love and the knowledge. God Bless Us All!<br /><br />DISCLAIMER:<br />FAIR USE Copyright Disclaimer under section 107 of the Copyright Act of 1976, allowance is made for purposes such as Criticism, Comment, News Reporting, Teaching, Scholarship, Education, and Research. Fair use is a use permitted by a copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. <br /><br />&quot;COPYRIGHTS: FAIR USE, Title 17, US CODE (sections 107-118 of the copyright law): All media in this video is used for purpose of criticism, review, commentary under terms of fair use.&quot; Disclaimer - No Copyright Infringement Intended. <br /><br />I do not own any of the videos, pictures, and music used in this reaction vlog other than my own reaction/commentary video, all material mentioned is used for fair commentary and fair criticism purposes only. No copyright infringement intended.<br /><br />THESE ARE THE KEYWORDS THAT DEFINES THE TOPICS OF THIS VIDEO:<br />#ensuregold #abbotensuregold #abbotensure #ensureabbot #ensurechocoflavor #ensurereview{% endraw %}
