---
title: "In Time (2011) Film Explained in Hindi Summarized हिन्दी"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/V1Wkh1R4KgE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "V1Wkh1R4KgE"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["(2011)","Explained","Hindi"]
date: "2022-03-05T02:22:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-04T04:16:00Z"
duration: "PT15M43S"
viewcount: "346138"
likeCount: "14975"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Movies Insight Hindi"
---
{% raw %}In Time (2011) thriller movie explained in Hindi Urdu voice over. The American Thriller Sci-Fi film “In Time: New Currency” story summarized with a full ending in हिन्दी explanation. The plot is about a dystopian world in which normal people are genetically engineered. In future people will stop aging at the age of 25 and have to buy time to live. This means people work for time rather than for money and the one who doesn't keep their countdown will eventually die. Poor people live and survive by earning time which they can save in well-designed capsules. The main character 'Will' lived with his mother, she has only three days left in his life. Unfortunately, he was unable to save her and sadly died due to paucity of time. One day 'Will' saves a man named Henry who has 100 years left to live, and gives 'Will' his time before he dies. In this way 'Will' becomes rich and moves to Greenwich which is a wealthy neighbourhood. These numerous millionaires individuals eventually become immortal while others cease to exist. Here he meets a girl named Sylvia. 'Will' takes her to his town and shows her how many people are left to see the end of the day because of her father. <br /><br />Because her father was a great banker who had complete control over the time distribution in all the areas. So, they intend to steal all the time from her father's bank and distribute it among the poor. Later, they are followed by timekeepers who stop them from stealing time. Despite many obstacles, they eventually manage to steal the time. While Sylvia's father forbids both of them because it would lead to chaos. In the end that's what happens when they steal time and distribute it to the poor. As a result the whole system collapses because there is no more calculated time distribution that any civilisation needs.<br /><br />In my views, you all will be pleased because the movie is based on a brilliant idea and is one of the most unique science fiction futuristic world stories. Director 'Andrew Nichol' has done an excellent job of presenting it in a way that the concept of time as money makes perfect sense and meets our expectations. I strongly recommend you to watch this film in your spare time. The movie is both action and thriller, and deserves more praise than it has received. The epic race between the poor and the rich for getting a time capsule is epic. You must watch this movie because it has kept me on the edge of my seat many times.<br /><br />Credits: <br />Images and footage Source: 20th Century Fox Pictures<br />Director: Andrew Niccol<br />Screenplay or written by: Justin Timberlake (It is based on dystopian science fiction adventure film)<br /><br />Disclaimer: Any footage in this video has been used only to communicate a message (understandable) to the audience. To the best of my knowledge, this is a fair use under review and commentary section. We do not plan to infringe on anyone's rights. Thank you{% endraw %}
