---
title: "Rain & Thunder Sounds Black Screen with Ocean Waves | White Noise for Sleeping 10 Hours"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/07ZdFmWnN7w\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "07ZdFmWnN7w"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["white noise black screen","rain sounds black screen","rain and thunder black screen"]
date: "2022-04-07T01:16:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-06-20T00:15:00Z"
duration: "PT10H36S"
viewcount: "2089799"
likeCount: "13146"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Relaxing White Noise"
---
{% raw %}By popular request, here is our soothing Rain &amp; Thunder with Ocean Waves Sounds featuring a black screen. This relaxing white noise is great for helping you to sleep or study. With the black screen, you'll benefit by keeping the room dark while sleeping, saving battery life, reducing data usage and not having to worry about screen burn-in.<br /><br />If you're looking for relaxation, you'll enjoy the sounds of the ocean during a rain and thunder storm. Waves crash against the pier, rain pours down and thunder rumbles in the distance. Three relaxing nature sounds all in one white noise ambience.<br /><br />Sleep better with the dark screen rain and thunder sounds.<br /><br />What are your favorite thunderstorm memories?<br /><br />For more white noise sounds featuring a dark screen or black screen, please check out these videos:<br />Rain Sounds Black Screen: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/kWyoxlB3LzA">https://youtu.be/kWyoxlB3LzA</a><br />Thunderstorm &amp; Rain Sounds Dark Screen: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/9irAZR_1UJ4">https://youtu.be/9irAZR_1UJ4</a><br />Thunder &amp; Rain Sounds Black Screen: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/NSQs8C0arbo">https://youtu.be/NSQs8C0arbo</a><br /><br />#whitenoise #blackscreen #rainsounds #rainandthunder<br /><br />***<br /><br />Relaxing White Noise is the number one destination on YouTube for white noise and nature sounds to help you sleep, study or soothe a baby.<br /><br />Please subscribe to our channel: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/RWNSubscribe">https://bit.ly/RWNSubscribe</a><br /><br />DISCLAIMER: Do not drive or operate heavy machinery while listening to this sound. Remember that loud sounds can potentially damage your hearing. When playing one of our videos, if you cannot have a conversation over the sound without raising your voice, the sound may be too loud for your ears. Please do not place speakers right next to a baby’s ears. If you have difficulty hearing or hear ringing in your ears, please immediately discontinue listening to the white noise sounds and consult an audiologist or your physician. <br /><br />The sounds provided by this Youtube channel are for entertainment purposes only and are not a treatment for sleep disorders or tinnitus. If you have significant difficulty sleeping on a regular basis, experience fitful/restless sleep, or feel tired during the day, please consult your physician.<br /><br />Audio © Relaxing White Noise LLC, 2017. Visual © Relaxing White Noise LLC, 2019. All rights reserved. Any reproduction or republication of all or part of this video/audio is prohibited.{% endraw %}
