---
title: "All Child Rides Skytropolis || Suitable for the whole family with young kids || Genting Highlands 3"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/n1Egj6bg34A\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "n1Egj6bg34A"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Child","Rides","Skytropolis"]
date: "2022-05-10T07:47:32+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-10T03:30:09Z"
duration: "PT10M11S"
viewcount: "48"
likeCount: "10"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Phani Krishna Yenduri"
---
{% raw %}Spanning over 400,000 square feet and four-storeys high, the #Skitropolis is undeniably large for an indoor theme park. Divided into three categories - Child, Family and Thrill - all attractions are spread across the floor, specifically designed with bright lights and striking movements that give the whole area lively vibes of a futuristic #cyberpunk metropolis.<br /><br />Don’t worry, adults can join in the fun too as you go on rides with your kids, specially made for the whole family to enjoy. Take your experience to new heights, with multiple high-flying rides, such as the Skyscraper Ferris wheel, a balloon ride at the Balloon Race, a Space Cadets spaceship ride, or the elegant Chariot Cruise that brings you around the park. Our favourite is the Soaring Ships, a suspended ride offering a beautiful, aerial view of the park. You can also take a charming tour around a picturesque garden as you hop on the Copper Express vintage train.<br /><br />Planning your next trip up to Genting Highlands with your friends or family? Kick it up a notch by heading to #Genting’s very own indoor theme park,! Owned by Resorts World, Skytropolis is the perfect place for you to take a break from the cold outdoors and head inside for some fun instead.<br /><br />Skytropolis resembles a futuristic #carnival with its many exciting attractions and colourful lights. Ideal for #family and #friends, the indoor theme park offers a wide range of pay-per-ride attractions for guests of all ages. Step into this vibrant wonderland and get ready to experience more than 20 exciting rides waiting for you inside.<br /><br />The best time for you to visit Skytropolis would definitely be on off-peak days, which are the weekdays. Chances are there would be a smaller crowd which means less queue time and instead, more time to go on attractions you want to try out instead.<br /><br />As Skytropolis operates on a pay-per-ride basis, this means that entrance into the park itself is FREE. Visit the theme park and you can spend as much time in the area at no cost. As you stroll past each attraction, you can choose to pay for only those you’d like to try out specifically.<br /><br />Make sure to like and subscribe to my channel, and click the bell icon to keep track of all my videos. <br />-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Check out my Instagram for vlogs on my upcoming video: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/370ZCuI">https://bit.ly/370ZCuI</a><br /><br />-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Special Thanks To:<br />Neelima Yenduri <br />Ram Mohan Yenduri<br />-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />This channel is completely based on educational purposes and be sure to stay safe during the Covid.{% endraw %}
