---
title: "Lots of voices. And each one matters."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_lFl4356PZA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_lFl4356PZA"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["voices.","matters."]
date: "2022-04-03T14:09:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-12-14T20:42:25Z"
duration: "PT24M50S"
viewcount: "747"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Inside Verizon"
---
{% raw %}Up To Speed welcomes guests from the front line and shares how you can engage with our Your Voice Matters program.<br /><br />On today’s Up To Speed Live, Andy shared the following news and updates.<br /><br />Your Voice Matters<br /><br />Recently, the Up To Speed team went on a grassroots mission to connect with front-line V Teamers to understand how we can improve our communications with our peers who are working so hard to serve our customers.<br /><br />We heard three key points from our front line:<br /><br />    We are very busy; we seek tangible, easy opportunities to connect and learn.<br />    We love hearing and engaging in authentic conversations with our leaders.<br />    We want our voices heard.<br /><br />That desire to have your voices heard is why we invited Brian Adamek of our “Your Voice Matters” program to join us on Up To Speed. Brian explained how the popular program aims to encourage communication and spur change to improve the way we work so we can deliver best ever experiences to our customers. He pointed out that V Teamers in the program have already identified over 2000 action items and that over 90% of those items have been addressed.<br /><br />Andy also welcomed two alums of our Your Voice Matters program. Retail Director Chelsea Weaver pointed out how important it has been during this unprecedented year to get feedback on our new initiatives like Curbside Pickup and Touchless Retail. Andres Monge from our Indirect Sales team talked about how the program allowed him to market himself, network with others, and learn about other parts of the business.<br /><br />Andy brought up some of the considerable challenges that our retail teams face as they serve our customers this holiday season. Chelsea agreed, saying that 2020 had brought out both the best and worst in people. That’s why she feels the Call For Kindness (<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.verizon.com/about/news/join-us-call-kindness)">https://www.verizon.com/about/news/join-us-call-kindness)</a> has been so important to urge everyone to see the person behind the mask and embrace empathy.<br /><br />If you’d like to participate in the program, Wave 9 starts in February of 2021. Applications (YourVoiceMatters@verizonwireless.com) are open until December 18.<br /><br />5G Home Bus in Atlanta<br /><br />In other news, Up To Speed’s Kate Jay was in Atlanta, one of our 12 5G home markets, to check out the new Verizon 5G Home Bus that will inform and excite our customers about the power of our network. Look out for future updates as the bus moves to a couple different cities over the coming months.<br /><br />Courageous Conversation<br /><br />ADVANCE is hosting an executive Courageous Conversation you won’t want to miss. Kelley Kurtzman will lead a panel of our business leaders who will discuss the importance of having meaningful conversations about disabilities and mental health. The event will take place this Monday, December 14 at 3 PM ET/12PM PT.<br />Join Hans at CES<br /><br />As many of you know, Hans will be the keynote speaker at the upcoming Consumer Electronics Show (CES). But did you know you can go to CES too? Registration (<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ces2021.eventcore.com/?wt.mc_id=email_oo_ces_CESREGP)">https://ces2021.eventcore.com/?wt.mc_id=email_oo_ces_CESREGP)</a> is free today through December 14 if you’re using your @ verizon.com email address. Paid registration is not an approved business expense, so sign up now before the offer expires.<br /><br />A reminder that Hans’ keynote will take place at 6 PM ET/3PM PT on January 11.<br /><br /><br />#InsideVerizon #YourVoiceMatters #5GHomeBus{% endraw %}
