---
title: "A Desirable Land Rover Series 2a SWB 88-Inch in Immaculate Condition - SOLD!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/WbTLyqyENig\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "WbTLyqyENig"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["Land-Rover","Off-road","Off-roading"]
date: "2022-02-20T10:57:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-03-16T10:25:44Z"
duration: "PT3M10S"
viewcount: "13005"
likeCount: "188"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "KGF Classic Cars"
---
{% raw %}SOLD - SIMILAR ALWAYS REQUIRED PLEASE CALL 01733 425140<br /><br /><br />Thinking of selling? Our proven commission sale or SOR (Sale or Return) program is a great way to utilise and access our professional services and facilities while still maximising the return from your vehicle with minimal hassle, stress and time, If you’d like to take advantage of this then please get in touch for further information. Alternatively If you’d like to move your vehicle on quickly and efficiently with minimal delay then we can make an offer on an outright purchase basis with payment and collection arranged soon after.<br /><br />A desirable Land Rover Series 2a SWB 88-inch in immaculate condition.<br /><br />EQUIPMENT<br />Rigid box section galvanised chassis, light alloy body panels, steel fittings, draw bar, hinged front screen, tilt bed, internally adjustable ventilation flaps, wing mounted mirrors, twin wipers, screen wash, amperage gauge, fuel gauge, sliding windows.<br /><br />EXTERIOR<br />This iconic and outstanding Series 2a Land Rover is finished in traditional Bronze Green and shines with a mirror finish.  Attention to detail can be witnessed in all areas including the immaculate underside with a new galvanised Richards chassis which will amaze spectators expecting to see utilitarian components plastered in mud.  A totally rebuilt bulkhead with the correct pressings in the footwells and domed full rivets will satisfy perfectionists.  Lucas headlamps mounted in the grille area reveal the early design features favoured by many.  Beautifully basic in all respects the new Exmoor Trim full Khaki Canvas Hood and full hood stick set are brand new. This example is a real show winner.<br /><br />INTERIOR<br />Sparse and utilitarian but packed with enduring Land Rover appeal this interior is truly sublime.  Finished in expensive Grey Elephant Hide no interior trim item has been left untreated.  Working fully refurbished gauges and switches run through a new wiring loom and the original steering wheel has been meticulously renovated.  Heavy duty Land Rover rubber floor mats add a little comfort and all exposed Bronze Green metal work has an amazing gloss finish.  The rear has a tilt bed with a spotless painted floor.  Spectacular in every respect.<br /><br />ENGINE &amp; TRANSMISSION<br />The four cylinder 2286cc petrol engine with overhead inlet and exhaust valves produces 77bhp and 124lbft of torque.  Rugged simple engineering with the benefit of a full rebuild and lead free cylinder head by Turner Engineering, re-manufacturers of Land Rover Engines.  Stunningly detailed in every respect the correct decals on the air cleaner, brake fluid reservoir and oil filter will please exhibitionists.  A tough four speed gearbox with a two speed transfer box gives eight forward speeds and two reverse and has had a full rebuild by R.J Land Rovers.  The transfer box, differential and front and rear axles have also been fully stripped and rebuilt.<br /><br />WHEELS, TYRES &amp; BRAKES<br />The original factory pressed steel disc wheels are finished in unmarked gloss Bronze Green.<br />Five new correct specification 600-16 Avon Traction Mileage tyres have been purchased through Vintage Tyres at a cost of £1,100.  The hydraulically operated footbrake and the handbrake operating on the transmission shaft, performs well.<br /><br />HISTORY FILE<br />This Land Rover Series 2a was registered new on the 6th September 1967 to Mr Peter Ernest Roalfe and a record of all owners since is documented in the history file.  The current custodian, Ryan Dickinson, has embarked on a better-than-new restoration in a quest to reminisce fond childhood memories when he and his father would enjoy trips out in their new Land Rover.  Purchasing a useable example which initially appeared to require only a minor recommission the full scale of the works necessary to meet Ryan’s exacting standards soon became apparent.  Photos of the vehicle on initial purchase are included in the history file.  The huge history file reveals the extent of the expenditure with all receipts neatly filed and providing the next owner with reassuring confirmation of the investment this example has enjoyed.  A stark lesson of how much money is necessary to create such a beautiful example.  Featured in Classic Land Rover magazine issue 56 Jan 2018, knowledgeable contributor Emrys Kirby, remarks ‘I knew the vehicle would be good because just about everything was new and clearly fitted with an obsessive eye detail’.   Ryan has made the very difficult decision to sell the vehicle for personal reasons and a contribution of the sale proceeds are going to the Sue Ryder Thorpe Hall Hospice to assist people aged 16 and over who are living with conditions like cancer, heart failure and lung disease.  A truly amazing vehicle built with an unrivalled dedication to be one of the best.<br /><br />MOT March 2019, HPI Clear.{% endraw %}
