---
title: "U.S. CITIZENSHIP TEST: 100 OFFICIAL QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS (2022)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/BnCodJ9SSRY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "BnCodJ9SSRY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["u.s. Citizenship test","US citizenship test 2020","u.s. citizenship test: 100 official questions and answers (2020)"]
date: "2022-04-23T08:52:49+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-01-28T00:15:10Z"
duration: "PT39M40S"
viewcount: "829074"
likeCount: "11480"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "MyCitizenshipExam"
---
{% raw %}In this video, you will learn all the 100 official civics questions and answers for the U.S. Citizenship Test. The Civics test is a very important part of the naturalization interview.  USCIS publishes a list of 100 civics questions and answers. The questions are about the history and the government of the United States of America. Applicants must learn and remember these 100 official questions and answers to get ready for the citizenship test. <br /><br />On the day of the interview, a USCIS officer chooses 10 questions, at random, among the 100 official questions. The applicant must answer 6 questions out of the10 correctly to pass the civics test. The officer asks the questions to the applicant out loud and the applicant answers them out loud as well. <br /><br />Applicants should know that the U.S. Citizenship test is not a multiple-choice test.<br /><br />Some questions have more than one correct answer. In this video we have included all possible answers so that you can choose the answer that is easiest for you to remember. For example:<br /> <br /><br />What does the Constitution do? <br />Here we have 3 possible answers, which are:<br /><br />▪ sets up the government <br />▪ defines the government <br />▪ protects basic rights of Americans<br /><br />For this question, you only have to say one answer. So you choose the one that is easy for you to remember.<br /><br /><br />To find the name of the current Governor of your state, click here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.usa.gov/states-and-territories">https://www.usa.gov/states-and-territories</a><br /><br />Please click here if you want to watch a civics video with only one answer per question (for busy people) : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ksYLDHNOwzE">https://youtu.be/ksYLDHNOwzE</a> <br /><br /><br />If you want to hear an example of a citizenship interview, click here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/SW1EnRUNeqw">https://youtu.be/SW1EnRUNeqw</a> <br /><br /><br />For a lesson on the Writing and Reading Tests, please watch this video: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/hX7HvBb40zA">https://youtu.be/hX7HvBb40zA</a> <br /><br /><br /><br />How Do You Find The Name Of The Current Governor Of Your State?<br />[ 32:42 ] QUESTION 43. WHO IS THE GOVERNOR OF YOUR STATE NOW?<br />The answer depends on where the applicant resides. If you are a resident of the District of Columbia, you should answer that D.C. does not have a Governor.<br /><br />How Do You Find The Name Of Your Current U.S. Representative?<br />[ 34:12 ] QUESTION 23: NAME YOUR U.S. REPRESENTATIVE.<br />Answers will vary. Residents of territories with nonvoting Delegates or Resident Commissioners may provide the name of that Delegate or Commissioner. Also acceptable is any statement that the territory has no (voting) Representatives in Congress.<br /><br />How do you find the name of the capital of your state?<br />[ 36:44 ] QUESTION 44: WHAT IS THE CAPITAL OF YOUR STATE?<br />The answer depends on where the applicant resides. If you are a resident of the District of Columbia, you should say that D.C. is not a state and does not have a capital. If you are a resident of a U.S. territory, you should name the capital of that territory.<br /><br />How Do You Find The Name Of the Current U.S. Senators from your State?<br />[ 38:14 ] QUESTION 20: WHO IS ONE OF YOUR STATE’S U.S. SENATORS NOW?<br />The answer depends on where the applicant resides. If you are a resident of the District of Columbia, you should say that D.C. has no U.S. Senators. If you are a resident of a U.S. territory, you should say that the territory has no U.S. Senators.{% endraw %}
