---
title: "US hospital concerns"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/a1R09yIKqq4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "a1R09yIKqq4"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["physiology","nursing","NCLEX"]
date: "2022-01-16T00:48:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-13T20:29:16Z"
duration: "PT21M55S"
viewcount: "662052"
likeCount: "19481"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dr. John Campbell"
---
{% raw %}US hospitals are under great pressure, there are essentially three reasons for this.<br /><br />Ontario, Canada, largest province in Canada, population of 15 million.<br /> <br />Several weeks ago we were told to STOP going for testing unless we were in a high risk category, <br /><br />so the number of cases is dramatically under-reported, <br /> <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/this-is-who-can-and-can-t-get-a-covid-19-test-in-ontario-1.5723794">https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/this-is-who-can-and-can-t-get-a-covid-19-test-in-ontario-1.5723794</a><br /> <br />So when you see cases dropping in Canada and the R value decreasing, its completely inaccurate, Ontario represents almost half of the popular of the entire country.<br /> <br />Steve<br /><br />US hospital pressure<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2022/01/for-covid-with-covid-hospitals-are-mess-either-way/621229/">https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2022/01/for-covid-with-covid-hospitals-are-mess-either-way/621229/</a><br /><br />With or for covid<br /><br />Jeremy Faust, emergency physician Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Massachusetts<br /><br />The truth is, we’re still in the emergency phase of the pandemic,<br /><br />and everyone who is downplaying that should probably take a tour of a hospital before they do<br /><br />Sara Murray, hospitalist at UC San Francisco<br /><br />If a virus that causes less severe lung disease affects an extraordinarily large proportion of the population,<br /> you’ll still get a lot of them in the hospital with severe lung disease<br /><br />Factors<br /><br />Low vaccination uptake<br /><br />Comorbidities<br /><br />Residual circulation of delta<br /><br />Post delta infection<br /><br />Omicron areas, lower hospital admissions<br /><br />Dr. Walensky<br /><br />I suspect the deaths we are seeing now are still from Delta<br /><br />James Lawler, infectious-disease physician, University of Nebraska Medical Center<br /><br />the vast majority of our COVID-positive cases are at the hospital for reasons related to their COVID infection<br /><br />Two neat categories, with and for<br /><br />Vineet Arora, a hospitalist at the University of Chicago Medicine<br /><br />If you’re on the margin of coming into the hospital, COVID tips you over<br /><br />COVID might not be listed as a reason for admission, but no COVID, no admission<br /><br />These incidental infections are not so incidental for people with chronic conditions<br /><br />We have a lot of chronically ill people in the U.S., and it’s like all of those people are now coming into the hospital at the same time<br /><br />So, its 3 categories<br /><br />For covid<br /><br />With covid that exacerbated a chronic condition<br /><br />Truly incidentals<br /><br />Craig Spencer, emergency physician, Columbia University Medical Center<br /><br />The health-care system is in crisis and on the verge of collapse<br /><br />It doesn’t matter whether it’s with or for. It’s a pure deluge of numbers<br /><br />Mr Donald J. Trump<br /><br />Boosters, politicians who refused to say whether they had received one were “gutless”<br /><br />The fact is that I think the vaccines saved tens of millions throughout the world<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.nytimes.com/live/2022/01/12/world/omicron-covid-testing-vaccines?type=styln-live-updates&amp;label=coronavirus%20updates&amp;index=0#the-white-house-says-it-is-considering-offering-high-quality-masks-to-americans">https://www.nytimes.com/live/2022/01/12/world/omicron-covid-testing-vaccines?type=styln-live-updates&amp;label=coronavirus%20updates&amp;index=0#the-white-house-says-it-is-considering-offering-high-quality-masks-to-americans</a><br /><br />Dysphunc <br /> <br />I've had Covid-19 for 3 days now - 2nd vaccination dose 1 month ago. <br /><br />It just feels like a bad case of Pharyngitis. <br /><br />Congested sinus, gunky sore throat and bronchial tract inflamed. <br /><br />Occasional painful aspiration but nothing like when I had double Pneumonia. <br /><br />Oximeter reporting 95-98% the whole time so far which is reassuring.{% endraw %}
