---
title: "Bach: Goldberg Variations | Version For String Trio, BWV 988 | \"In Memoriam Glenn Gould\""
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/6uli8fXrrlc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "6uli8fXrrlc"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Goldberg Variations","Bach","Johann Sebastian Bach"]
date: "2022-02-01T21:20:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2013-04-06T15:56:54Z"
duration: "PT56M17S"
viewcount: "274373"
likeCount: "2051"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "ClassicalMusicTVHD"
---
{% raw %}Bach: Goldberg Variations Version For String Trio, BWV 988 | (Full Concert) &quot;In Memoriam Glenn Gould&quot;<br />The Goldberg Variations, BWV 988, is a work for harpsichord by Johann Sebastian Bach, consisting of an aria and a set of 30 variations. First published in 1741, the work is considered to be one of the most important examples of variation form. The Variations are named after Johann Gottlieb Goldberg, who may have been the first performer.<br />Bach's Goldberg Variations, like so many other of the master's works, proves remarkably adaptable for a string trio. Purists may balk at such arrangements, but Bach himself was an avid arranger of other composer's works, often shedding new light on them with his transfer to a different medium. That's what happens in Dmitri Sitkovetsky's arrangement of the Goldbergs for string trio, an ensemble that can -- and does, in this performance -- bring a greater tonal variety and expressiveness to the work than is available to the harpsichord. The trio members here are noted soloists in their own right, but play together beautifully as an ensemble. Rachlin's sweet-toned violin adds flavor, Imai's dusky viola projects inner lines with authority, and Maisky tones down his huge cello sound to provide a fitting foundation to the ensemble. Their light-hearted Variation 8, a Gigue, is aptly playful; Variation 21 gets a soulful performance, Variation 24 offers blistering virtuosity, while they demonstrate gentle sweetness and warmth in the Adagio, Variation 25. The music is marvelous, the playing superb, and the sonics are lifelike. This one should not be missed. -- Dan Davis<br />Product Description<br />CD W/Mischa Maisky, Nobuko Imai, Julian Rachlin<br /><br />Audio CD (April 10, 2007<br /><br />1. Goldberg -- Variationen: Version For String Trio, BWV 988: Aria<br />2. Goldberg -- Variationen: Version For String Trio, BWV 988: Var. 1- 2- 3<br />3. Goldberg -- Variationen: Version For String Trio, BWV 988: Var. 4- 5- 6<br />4. Goldberg -- Variationen: Version For String Trio, BWV 988: Var 7- 8- 9<br />5. Goldberg -- Variationen: Version For String Trio, BWV 988: Var. 10-11-12<br />6. Goldberg -- Variationen: Version For String Trio, BWV 988: Var. 13-14-15<br />7. Goldberg -- Variationen: Version For String Trio, BWV 988: Var. 16-17-18<br />8. Goldberg -- Variationen: Version For String Trio, BWV 988: Var. 19-20-21<br />9. Goldberg -- Variationen: Version For String Trio, BWV 988: Var. 22-23-24<br />10. Goldberg -- Variationen: Version For String Trio, BWV 988: Var. 25-26-27<br />11. Goldberg -- Variationen: Version For String Trio, BWV 988: Var.28-29-30<br />12. Goldberg -- Variationen: Version For String Trio, BWV 988: Aria da capo<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goldberg_Variations">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goldberg_Variations</a>{% endraw %}
