---
title: "When You Love Someone You Do This || Sadhguru || TGS"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/bhZr8c0eb6s\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "bhZr8c0eb6s"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["sadhguru","sadhguru latest","sadguru"]
date: "2022-02-16T22:02:36+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-13T05:30:04Z"
duration: "PT6M47S"
viewcount: "13928"
likeCount: "563"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Great Sadhguru"
---
{% raw %}Sadhguru On Your Experience Of Love Means, You Feel Certain Sweetness Of Emotion Within Yourself. Either By Looking At This Person Or This Person Or This Person, We Don’t Know Who Stimulates This In You? It Doesn’t Matter Who Helped You. But Essentially It Happened Within You, Did It Happen Only Within You Or Was It In The Air? I’m Trying To Clear This Air. It Was In The Air?  No. It Only Happened Within You. Maybe What Was Happening Within You  Was So Exuberant, You Saw It Everywhere. You Are In Love, You Thought The Flowers Bloomed For You, The Birds Are Singing For You, The Clouds Are Moving For You ? I Don’t Want To Destroy All The Romance, But Essentially It’s Happening Within You. It’s Wonderful That You Are Experiencing Such Sweetness Of Emotion, Stimulated By Somebody.<br /><br />Video Time Line :- <br />00:00 :- When You Love Someone You Do This  (Edited With Aftereffects, Subtitle, Clips And Chromakey)<br />06:26 :- End Screen (Created By Out Team In After Effects)<br /><br />•Footage Licensed Through: <br />Videoblocks<br />•Speakers: <br />Sadhguru <br />•Background Audio<br />Youtube Audio Library<br /><br />•Copyright Disclaimer:<br /> We Own A Commercial License For All The Content Used In This Video.<br /><br />Our Social Media Links <br />Subscribe Us On Youtube :-<br />H<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="ttps://Www.Youtube.Com/Channel/Ucpvazh9yktuhbfqjbgzn41q/">ttps://Www.Youtube.Com/Channel/Ucpvazh9yktuhbfqjbgzn41q/</a><br />Follow Us On Facebook :-<br />H<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="ttps://Www.Facebook.Com/Sadhguru.Isha.568">ttps://Www.Facebook.Com/Sadhguru.Isha.568</a><br />Follow Us On Instagram :-<br />H<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="ttps://Www.Instagram.Com/Thegreatsadhguru/">ttps://Www.Instagram.Com/Thegreatsadhguru/</a><br />Follow Us On Twitter:-<br />H<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="ttps://Twitter.Com/Thesadhguru">ttps://Twitter.Com/Thesadhguru</a><br /><br />Fair-Use Copyright Disclaimer<br />* Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 Of The Copyright Act 1976, Allowance Is Made For &quot;Fair Use&quot; For Purposes Such As Criticism, Commenting, News Reporting, Teaching, Scholarship, And Research. Fair Use Is A Use Permitted By Copyright Statute That Might Otherwise Be Infringing.  Educational Or Personal Use Tips The Balance In Favor Of Fair Use.<br />1)This Video Has No Negative Impact On The Original Works (It Would Actually Be Positive For Them). <br />2)This Video Is Also For Teaching Purposes.<br />3)It Is Not Transformative In Nature.<br />4)I Only Used Bits And Pieces Of Videos To Get The Point Across Where Necessary.<br />We Take Clips From Various Sources To Help Create An Atmospheric Feeling That Will Help And Inspire People In Their Life. <br /><br />Thank You<br />Team The Great Sadhguru<br /><br />#Sadhguru # Valentineday{% endraw %}
