---
title: "MIGRATE TO AUSTRALIA | How to Write an Invitation Letter for Australia Tourist Visa"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RqvYC_1XbGg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RqvYC_1XbGg"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["migrating to australia","australia immigration visa","immigrant australia visa"]
date: "2022-02-28T14:56:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-01-07T14:01:02Z"
duration: "PT12M27S"
viewcount: "1962"
likeCount: "54"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "BarBelle EverAfter"
---
{% raw %}On this video, we will share with you How to Write an Invitation Letter for a Tourist Visa in Australia to be able to help those who are planning to visit  Australia and apply for a tourist visa in Australia. <br /><br />This Invitation Letter for a Tourist Visa in Australia sample template is what we have been using in the last 7 years whenever we invite some relatives and friends from overseas to apply for a tourist visa and visit us in Australia.<br /><br />Please watch the video until the end for something &quot;special&quot; from us.<br /><br />Feel free to comment, ask questions and also share this video to others who might be looking for a guide on How to Write an Invitation Letter for a Tourist Visa in Australia.<br /><br />Enter your details to connect with a MARA registered agent:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.barbellemarketing.com.au/migratetoaustraliaenquiry.html">https://www.barbellemarketing.com.au/migratetoaustraliaenquiry.html</a><br /><br />Applying for a Visa to Australia - A Visa Guide: This ebook teaches you the fundamental concepts of Australian visas.<br />Get it here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/36ofCEE">https://amzn.to/36ofCEE</a><br /><br />Hello everyone, we are BarBelle EverAfter and we are a migrant family in Australia who moved here in 2013.<br /><br />We hope to be able to help give insights about migrant life in Australia and the everyday life we face here and hopefully inspire others and help them in their dreams of living the life Down Under.<br /><br />On this video or the next, we aim to help you learn something about:<br />migrate australia<br />migrate to australia<br />migrate in australia<br />migrating to australia<br />australia immigration visa<br />immigrant australia visa<br />migrating to south australia<br />immigration to australia records<br />australia immigration history<br />migrating to australia stories<br />reasons for migrating to australia<br />how to migrate australia<br />how to migrate in australia<br />why migrate to australia<br />what countries migrate to australia<br />how to migrate in australia from philippines<br />how to migrate in australia from india<br /><br /><br />Migrate to Australia Vlog series is presented to you by BarBelleEverAfter.<br /><br />Follow Us:<br />YouTube.com/BarBelleEverAfter<br />Facebook.com/BarBelleEverAfter<br />Instagram.com/BarBelleEverAfter<br /><br /><br />HERE’S A SAMPLE TEMPLATE:<br /><br />(Today’s Date Here)<br /> <br />Your Name Here / Name of Person Inviting<br />(Your Address in Australia here)<br />Subject: Invitation Letter for Australian Tourist Visa<br /> <br />To Whom It May Concern:<br /> <br />I, (your name here), a (your visa status in Australia) with passport number ___________ currently employed as an (your occupation here) for (your employer here) would like to request consideration for an Australian visit visa for (person you are inviting), ____ years old with Philippine passport number _______ AND Philippine address as ________________________________ Philippines.<br /><br />(Person being invited’s name) is my (your relations here) and I am hoping he/she can spend some time to visit me in Australia.<br />I would like for (person being invited) to stay with me in Australia (inclusive dates from arrival to departure in Australia) to spend time with me in my home address at (your address in Australia).<br /><br />I would be able to provide accommodation for him/her for the duration of his/her stay and also to be able to show him/her around the tourist spots and attractions all around (your area in Australia, for example Melbourne or Sydney).<br /><br />I have enclosed the following documents for your reference:<br />• Copy of my (Australian/Filipino or what nationality) passport<br />• Copy of my Citizenship certificate (if you are Australian)<br />• Copy of my (birth certificate or any document) as proof of relations<br /><br />Should you require any additional information from me, please do not hesitate to contact me on the below details:<br />Mobile: ___________________<br />Email Address: ____________________<br /> <br /><br />Yours Sincerely,<br /> <br />(Your Full Name)<br />(Your Contact Number){% endraw %}
