---
title: "YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE IT IF IT WEREN'T ON CAMERA │ Funny Dirt Bike Edition"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/nB26W85tWRU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "nB26W85tWRU"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["jkd edits","YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE IT IF IT WEREN'T ON CAMERA │ Funny Dirt Bike Edition","funny dirt bike videos"]
date: "2022-02-13T18:56:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-12T15:00:32Z"
duration: "PT8M3S"
viewcount: "33358"
likeCount: "418"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "JKD Edits"
---
{% raw %}FREE PAIR OF GRIPS FIRST COME FIRST SERVE just hop over to ShopJKDcompany.com and punch in the code to see if you made the cut. Very very limited quantity being given this week.<br /><br /><br />**All stunts were performed by trained professionals. Do not attempt at home.**  No humans were injured in this video. Let us know if you enjoyed in the comments below!<br /><br />------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />HOW TO ENTER THE GIVEAWAY!!!<br /><br />Very simple. Subscribe to @HookedonJKD on youtube. That's it. Once the channel hits 1000 subscribers one person will be randomly chosen to get 500 U.S. dollars. That's a 1/1000 chance of winning with almost zero effort. Unfortunately United states residents only.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp6hK0bZ526H1rFloaMdO2A">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp6hK0bZ526H1rFloaMdO2A</a><br /><br />Payment methods: Venmo, Paypal, Gift card<br /><br />What is Hooked on JKD? Well it's only the greatest up and coming fishing channel on youtube. Very similiar to this channel just... fishing. Aka the second most fun hobby of all time. Many more giveaways and awesome content to come!<br /><br />Rules:<br />1.) One prize equivalent to 500 dollars USD is to be given away<br />2.) It is 100% free to enter<br />3.) The 1000th subscriber will be the final entry for said giveaway and ends when the channel &quot;Hooked on JKD&quot; reaches said number of subscribers<br />4.) The choosing process is to be recorded and time stamped for proof and can be shown at any time<br />5.) Youtube is in no way involved with this giveaway and is not liable for anything<br />6.) Payment can be your choice of Venmo, Paypal, or Visa digital gift card<br />7.) The winner has 36 hours to contact me in any way they can<br />8.) The winning commenter will be pinned at the top of the comment section and proof of payment will be shown in a later video and/or on one of our social media pages<br /><br />Problem, question, or you won? Every comment gets seen or you can shoot an email to JKDEdits@gmail.com<br /><br />------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />CHECK OUT THE JKD MERCH:<br />ShopJKDcompany.com<br />Printed, packed and shipped in house by us<br /><br />Fishing channel- @Hooked on JKD<br />Personal channel- @JKD<br />TikTok- @JKDEdits <br /><br />JKD Instagram: @JKD_Company<br />Personal Instagram- @Devinfarrell_188<br /><br />_____________________________________________________________________________________________<br />The clips above do not belong to this channel, we merely create entertaining videos with our own editing touch to transmit our passion for this sport<br /><br />If there is a problem with a clip feel free to comment or email us<br /><br />Business inquires and sponsors can also email us at jkdedits@gmail.com<br /><br />0:00 Introduction<br />0:33 LUC ACKERMANN<br />1:06 GRAHAMJARVIS<br />1:25 JERRYD MCNEIL<br />1:50 GRAHAM JARVIS<br />1:59 JOSH HILL<br />3:41 ADRIAN GUGGEMOS<br />4:04 ARTTUSTENBURG<br />5:41 COLBY RAHA<br />6:10 AXELL HODGES<br />6:40 TAKAYUKI HIGASHINO<br />6:44 CARSON BROWN<br />7:36 ARTTU STENBURG{% endraw %}
