---
title: "There Is MORE To The Secret - Great Addition to The Secret FREE AudioBook"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/iioHr0wIpmY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "iioHr0wIpmY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["The Secret","God","Christianity"]
date: "2022-05-10T18:45:45+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-03-06T21:20:03Z"
duration: "PT3H19M52S"
viewcount: "4403"
likeCount: "76"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Kimber 10X"
---
{% raw %}There Is More To The Secret: An Examination Into Rhonda Byrne's Bestselling Book &quot;The Secret&quot; Full-Length Audiobook by Ed Gungor <br /><br />Is it possible to believe in both God and the law of attraction? A core argument of Rhonda Byrne's best-selling book The Secret, the law of attraction says that thoughts are magnetic. Anyone can have whatever they want, be it good health, wealth, or even relationships. They need only train their minds to dwell on what they desire. But is this true? In this companion audiobook to the current media storm, author Ed Gungor believes there is more to the story.<br /><br />Respecting the real needs that have caused so many to seize on Byrne's program of mental self-help, Gungor uncovers a more accurate representation of the power of the mind by examining the role God plays in the equation.<br /><br />His goal is not to attack, but to correct what he says is misguided advice in a manner both compassionate and compelling. <br /><br />His results may surprise you! &quot;Whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours.&quot; ~ Jesus <br /><br />I've read &quot;The Secret&quot; book and have seen the movie. Since then I can't seem to get enough of books about The Secret and have been reading all the books I can find on the subject. It is interesting to see how it applies to all areas of life as we know it. <br /><br />This book in particular addresses an intriguing conundrum. Can we believe in God and also believe in the law of attraction? <br /><br />Didn't Jesus say that we should ask and receive? Then there is the whole subject of becoming too materialistic. Many Christians are turned off by the thought of &quot;greed&quot; or lusting after money (read up on the seven deadly sins). <br /><br />The Bible clearly states that we can't serve God and money at the same time. So what is a Christian to do? Should they reject the whole idea of the law of attraction or put it to good use? After all, didn't God create all the laws of the universe? Doesn't he allow humans to be part of the creative process? <br /><br />Ed Gungor takes on all these topics and more. While some may see this book as an attack on Rhonda Byrne's bestselling book I found it to be more of a thoughtful exploration that leads to serious spiritual considerations. <br /><br />This book is a much-needed reality check! I found Ed Gungor's thoughts to mirror some of my own. Does &quot;The Secret&quot; also have a dark side? If you have been wondering about how &quot;The Secret&quot; could be used for evil purposes then you need to read this book. &quot;... are you using the law of attraction to have what you need in order to change the world for God?&quot; ~ Ed Gungor <br /><br />In my own life, the law of attraction has drawn things that are good and bad into my life. I can see a direct correlation between negative thoughts and negative experiences and positive thoughts and positive experiences. <br /><br />So I believe that the law of attraction is at work in our lives. I like how Ed Gungor explains that we don't use this law in a vacuum. There are other players and other forces in motion. So when disaster strikes it isn't necessarily all your own fault. God can also play a role in your life allowing or not allowing you to become wealthy.<br /><br />In this book, Ed Gungor explains how we should also be living in God's will. There are apparently other forces that are greater than the law of attraction. So while I've been intrigued with &quot;The Secret&quot; I must say that this book answered a lot of my nagging questions. I've always had better luck praying for what I want. After all, Jesus is the one who tells us to pray for our desires. <br /><br />This book is a great addition to all the other secret books and I like that it is a pastor's take on the subject. I think you will find this to be instantly compelling; at least it kept my attention for hours right up till the last page.{% endraw %}
