---
title: "The darkness which leads to the light..."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/HBO6_9JDEVY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "HBO6_9JDEVY"
categories: "Nonprofits-Activism"
tags: ["darkness","which","leads"]
date: "2022-03-20T01:58:04+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-01-14T21:10:12Z"
duration: "PT8M49S"
viewcount: "26"
likeCount: "2"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "ΟΡΘΟΔΟΞΟ ΔΙΚΤΥΟ ΕΝΗΜΕΡΩΣΗΣ ORTHODOX MEDIA NETWORK"
---
{% raw %}The V.R. Archimandrite Varnavas YIANGOU, is the Director for the Youth Ministry of the Holy Archdiocese of Thessaloniki and the Abbot of the Holy Monastery of St. Theodora also in Thessaloniki Greece. <br />In his speech on the last Sunday of the year, he shared with us his thoughts on why &quot;everything is Christ&quot;<br /><br />His youtube channel is here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://cutt.ly/jrytOAE">https://cutt.ly/jrytOAE</a><br />His speeches in Greek can be found here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://omilies.gr/">https://omilies.gr/</a><br />Verbal abstracts &amp; Summaries here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://logapostagmata.gr/">http://logapostagmata.gr/</a><br />His blogspot is here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://cutt.ly/zrytY66">https://cutt.ly/zrytY66</a><br />His Facebook is here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/p.Barnabas.G...">https://www.facebook.com/p.Barnabas.G...</a><br /><br />We are particularly thankful to our brothers/volunteers for their efforts. Nikolaus and Tsampikos for the translation. Dimitris and Panayiotis for the uploads.<br /><br />The speech translated in English follows:<br /><br />&quot;We will discuss two phrases which we read today in the evangelical text. <br />The first one says: “The people who sat in darkness and shadow of death have seen a great light.”  Id est, the people who used to stay into their darkness and shadow of death received the revelations of the Divine Light . Namely, they received the presence of our Lord. This contains a deep spiritual concept. Which concept is this? That the person who is receptive to the divine revelation, the person who is receptive to the divine light, is the one who stays “in the region and shadow of death”, the one who is into their darknesses. ....<br /> ....<br />As I am, I have no plenitude, no joy, no light.<br />A person needs to be manly in order to endure their darknesses and to expect God and not to want to transmute, to substitute this need of theirs for false gods. Usually, we do not possess this brave attitude in order to admit our situation and to expect the true light. And we fill our existence with substitutes for this internal, deep need of ours. We do not withstand it. And, consequently, we become bloated by these fake things and we create some reality other than the one we owed to ourselves. And we do not possess the truth of our personality, but we create our masks and façades. <br />...<br />What is sin? Out shutting ourselves into our egocentric goals, our barricading ourselves. And this makes us miserable and close. Repentance is this opening, which means: I decide to get out of myself. And where should I go? To nowhere? No. I should go to the target, which is not my fantasy; which is not my goals; which is not my desires; but it is Christ. <br />...<br />As, for example, when I have a difficulty with another person, and I apologise to them and they apologise to me, but we continue in the same manner. What does this mean? I am somebody who exploits them and they [—in turn—] exploit me. It is not a real apology if there is no change. That is why, on most occasions, we fall and we say: “We will confess and we will be done.”<br />The problem for God is not the sin. Nothing is a problem [for Him]. The problem is that we do not decide to alter ourselves. We try to combine both of them. And God does not mind. He will not accuse us. ...<br />...<br />Apology means: I share God’s opinion; I share God’ thought; I share in my life God’s will; and I live with Him. Thus, the whole point [is the following]:<br />Somebody says: “I have thoughts”. Someone else says: “I have sins”. The problem is not there. The problem is located somewhere else: We did not  decide not to have thoughts. It is a matter of decision. We will decide and, when Christ sees the decision, He will give His grace. And we will understand that the true repentance is something else; God is something else; a different case.<br />So, which is the true repentance (metanoia)? It is gift of God, of the grace of God. But, in order for the grace to go somewhere, [available] room is required. If we are full of our own stuff, it will not find room. If we are full of our own thoughts and our own desires, it will not find room.<br />Therefore, you understand, the case of repentance and all this, is not some parochial, moralistic stuff. It is a “modus vivendi”. The fact is ontological. Which is the ontological fact? To admit who the life is and where the life is. And if we are ready for this way, this route, this process. Hence, that is why the Lord says —His Word is powerful—: “Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.” Open your heart. Turn to the kingdom of heaven. The kingdom of heaven is already being given. Do not lie asleep, do not be close. This is the true person, the open one to the revelations and to the gifts of god. And the open person is the one who admitted that they are broke. They are broke, but they hope. This is who we, the people in the Church, are. We are the broke ones, the darkened ones, the dead ones. But we also hope and we expect the mercy of God and we are open to the grace of God.{% endraw %}
