---
title: "Tuesday Horse Racing Tips 2* | CONNOR 500 17\/05\/2022 | Free Betting Tips"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/A3pw1npJvfo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "A3pw1npJvfo"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["Tuesday","Horse","Racing"]
date: "2022-05-17T15:38:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-17T09:27:03Z"
duration: "PT3M28S"
viewcount: "634"
likeCount: "85"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Connor 500 - Professional Gambler"
---
{% raw %}Todays CONNOR 500:<br /><br />10 E/W LUCKY 15<br /><br />2:20 Wolves - Dawson Lane 25/1<br />4:45 Nott - Game Nation 16/1<br />6:33 Hexham - Konik King 22/1<br />7:40 Sligo - Star Official 15/2<br /><br />100 E/W SINGLE<br /><br />7:40 Sligo - Star Official 15/2 <br /><br />——————————————-<br /><br />Horse Racing tips - Daily at 11am<br /><br />IMPORTANT!<br />STAKES ARE FOR STATISTICS PURPOSES ONLY<br /><br />RULES ON STATISTICS:<br />15 Minute Rule:  If a horses price shortens within 15 minutes of upload, the lower price will be used<br /><br />Extra places:   A minimum of 3 of the 7 major firms must be paying the place for it to be included as a winning bet. <br /><br />NO BONUSES: No bonuses will be included, such as Lucky15 Bonuses.<br /><br />SP will be taken on any Skybet Non-BOG race (nearly all handicaps)<br /><br />This channel assumes the viewer has BEST ODDS GUARANTEED <br /><br />———————————————————-<br /><br /><br /><br />Thanks for visiting, I’m Connor 500 and I’ve been a professional gambler for the last eight years.  <br /><br />The majority of my bets during this time have been on horse racing and golf. <br /><br />Gambling has been my sole source of income since I left Ladbrokes in 2014, barring a period of time in 2018 where I worked within a small bookmakers head office, and as part of one of the biggest punting teams in the U.K. <br /><br />This channel is completely free, you will never be charged for any bets or tips, nor are there any paid extras. <br />In my opinion, the vast majority of paid services are very dubious and should be avoided. <br /><br /> I can’t promise you that we’ll win every day, but I can promise you we’ll make a healthy margin of 10-20% over the longer term, and that’s a Connor 500 Guarantee. I’ve done this day in day out for almost a decade, and have the utmost confidence. <br /><br />If this channel makes less than 5% ROI for 2022, there will be a £5,000 Competition for all viewers. <br /><br />I use Skybet for statistics however this channel is NOT bookmaker dependant-<br />You’ll make a nice profitable margin whether you’re using Paddy Power, Bet365, Betfred, Skybet or many of the others. <br /><br />ALL CONNOR 500 ADVERTISING REVENUE WILL BE DONATED TO CHARITY.<br /><br />All Connor 500 Selections are, and always will be, free of charge. <br /><br />If you’re suffering with a gambling addiction, please- seek help now. You’re not alone and there’s nothing to be ashamed of. <br />You are NEVER in too deep to tell a close one. <br /><br />Sincerely,<br />Mr C500.<br /><br />2021 Statistics:<br /><br />ROI ———    16% <br /><br />TOTAL STAKE 168,000<br />TOTAL RETURN 195,000<br />TOTAL PROFIT 27,000<br /><br />Free horse racing betting tips<br />Free golf betting tips<br />Free Formula 1 betting tips<br /><br />Horse Racing Tips from Connor 500{% endraw %}
