---
title: "IT HAPPENED! Elon Musk FINALLY Reveals Quantum Computer 2022!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/qCw3S6VopoA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "qCw3S6VopoA"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["musk","spacex","quantum computer"]
date: "2022-01-15T08:11:31+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-13T16:25:20Z"
duration: "PT9M7S"
viewcount: "38448"
likeCount: "1078"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Future Unity"
---
{% raw %}Elon Musk might be grabbing the headlines for his exploits in space, which needless to<br />say, is not undeserved. When you dare to put people permanently on another planet<br />and build the most powerful rocket that is also reusable, your revolutions are bound to<br />attract attention! However, there is another revolution of Musk going on on this planet<br />that you might not have heard about yet but which will change everything as we know it!<br />For years, Tesla has been working on what is the most powerful computer in the world,<br />the Powerful Dojo near-quantum Supercomputer! What is this near powerful computere<br />Dojo  and how does it affect you as a person? Join us as we dive into Elon Musk finally<br />revealing its new powerful Dojo near-quantum supercomputer!<br />Is Tesla a car maker or an IT company? Tesla makes sweet and fast cars powered by<br />batteries. It is even a leader in EV batteries so it is not surprising that most of the world<br />identifies Tesla as a manufacturer of battery powered vehicles. However, the fact is, the<br />Musk-controlled company is much more than that, and the line between a car-making<br />company and a computer-based company blurs when Tesla is involved! For example, it<br />is  not  without   reason  that  Tesla   has  a   market  capitalization   in   the   league   of  IT<br />companies! With a market cap of over one trillion, Teslas rolls with the big boys like<br />Microsoft, Apple, Google, Facebook, and Amazon, far removed from companies from its<br />own primary industry. Toyota, the second most capitalized automaker, has about one-<br />quarter of Tesla’s worth, while Volkswagen, the third, comes in even lower at about one-<br />eight!<br />Not surprisingly, Tesla has championed over the air updates to make its cars better by<br />adding features or clearing bugs, just like Microsoft updates your personal computer or<br />Apple releases an update for your iPhone! Speaking of software, Tesla is the leader in<br />auto software! Tesla has, in the past, unlocked more battery capacity over the air,<br />although not everybody liked the idea! Over the years, Tesla has refined its user<br />interface so much that drivers use it without even thinking about it! Tesla even has<br />games for you to play on your center console and Netflix for the times you want to chill<br />inside your car! While that might be controversial sometimes, it shows how seriously<br />Tesla takes software! That’s not to talk of hidden Easter eggs that make the ownership<br />experience much more exciting!<br />This is why Musk said the Model S was not a car but a sophisticated computer on<br />wheels! Here is how Musk described Tesla, “Tesla is a software company as much as it<br />is a hardware company. A huge part of what Tesla is, is a Silicon Valley software<br />company. We view this the same as updating your phone or your laptop.” <br />Show this headline:<br />Elon Musk: Model S not a car but a 'sophisticated computer on wheels' - Los Angeles<br />Times (latimes.com)<br />That was back in 2015! Since then, Tesla has improved in both hardware and software,<br />but the company is still as focused on the software! Most recently, Tesla’s AI head,<br />Andrej Karpathy, describes Tesla's car like this: “We are effectively building a synthetic<br />animal from the ground up. The car can be thought of as an animal. It moves around<br />autonomously, senses the environment, and acts autonomously.”<br />One aspect that has been driving Tesla’s innovation in the computing space is its self-<br />driving technology! Many Tesla owners swear by the self-driving capabilities of their<br />cars!   While   the   capabilities   are   amazing,   a   Tesla   car   driving   itself   or   working<br />autonomously requires large amounts of computing power! However, using existing<br />computing technologies is providing Tesla with sub-par results. And as usual, when<br />Musk can’t get what he wants, he builds it! This is why Tesla unveiled the near-quantum<br />Dojo, a supercomputer it built in-house by Tesla!<br />The near-quantum computer Dojo is every bit a supercomputer. It is very complex and<br />powerful. Tesla required a computer platform for taking its self-driving technology to the<br />next level but, since Musk could not shop for what he needed, he made the  near-<br />quantum   computerDojo,   powered   by   the   Dojo   D1   chip,   which   provides   stunning<br />bandwidth and compute performance. This is what will train Tesla’s massive neural<br />networks. But the company has hinted they might provide  Dojo  its near-quantum<br />computing to other companiess developing AI in the near future, bringing the benefits of<br />Dojo to more of humanity!<br />Tesla is building Dojo its near-quantum supercomputer to handle the massive amount of<br />video data captured from over their large fleet of existing vehicles, which it uses to train<br />its neural nets. Tesla was not satisfied with other HPC or High-Performance Computing<br />options for training its computer vision neural nets and decided they could create a<br />better platform.{% endraw %}
