---
title: "5 Most Deadly Terrorist Organisations"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RC930Hw8hN4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RC930Hw8hN4"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Fact5","facts","amazing"]
date: "2022-05-02T12:12:53+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-11-23T15:00:00Z"
duration: "PT5M21S"
viewcount: "4433455"
likeCount: "3767"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Fact5"
---
{% raw %}From the recent shocking November 2015 Paris attacks to public executions we take a look at 5 of the deadliest Terrorist Organisations in the world.<br /><br />5. Hezbollah.<br />Hezbollah is a Shi’a Islamist militant group based in Lebanon and emerged in 1982 as a product of the Lebanese Civil War. With an annual turnover of $500 million, it is unsurprising that this terrorist organisation is one of the major powers in Lebanon and it is backed by Iran and Syria. In fact, according to a CIA report, 41% of the Lebanese population is involved with the Hezbollah organisation! Their main sources of income are from financial donations and the production and trafficking of drugs. The objective of Hezbollah is to quell any Western influences from Lebanon and establish an Islamic State in Lebanon. The 1983 US Embassy bombing, the Lebanon hostage crisis and the 1994 AMIA bombing of a Jewish cultural centre and London Israeli Embassy attack are some of the horrific activities credited to this terrorist group.<br /><br />4. Taliban.<br />The Taliban is an Islamic fundamentalist political movement in Afghanistan. Founded in 1994 by Mullah Mohammed Omar, the overall goal of the Taliban is to establish an Islamic theocracy in Afghanistan. In 1996 the Taliban formed a government and subsequently governed the country up until 2001. Their annual turnover is around $400 million, most of which comes from drug trafficking (mainly heroin and opium), sponsorship fees and taxes and financial donations. In 2014 alone, the Taliban was responsible for 3,492 fatalities. One of the worst terrorist attacks carried out by the Taliban was the bloody massacre of 148 people (mostly children) in Peshawar, Pakistan.<br /><br />3. Boko Haram.<br />Boko Haram is an extremist jihadist group in North-eastern Nigeria notorious for their acts of barbarism. Led by Abubakar Shekau, Boko Haram aims to fight secularism and Western influences as well as establish Islamic law in Nigeria. They oppose education according to western values as they believe it contradicts the Islamic faith, hence the name Boko Haram which literally translates as “Western education is a sin”. In 2014, Boko Haram was responsible for the deaths of approximately 6,644 people. They were able to grab the world’s attention by abducting 276 schoolgirls in Chibok, Borno threatening to sell them into slavery. In fact, their main sources of funding are from kidnappings and ransom, taxes, bank robberies and looting giving them an annual turnover of $52 million. Other atrocious activities this organisation is responsible for are the Baga massacre, the killings of 142 civilians in Beni Shiek village and the murders of 185 people at churches, police stations and government offices.<br /><br />2. Al Qaeda.<br />Founded by Osama Bin Laden, Abdullah Azzam and several other militants, Al Qaeda is one of the most lethal global terrorist organisations in the world. Their main objective is to unify the Islamic front against Western-secular forces. They have been linked with countless acts of terrorism but their most infamous attack was the 9/11 attack on the World Trade Centres on September 11th 2001 which resulted in the deaths of 2,977 victims. Consequently, this led to the culmination of the Afghan War and the eventual downfall of Bin Laden when he was killed in May 2012 as part of a US military operation. The main methods that Al Qaeda employ are to use suicide bombers or execute suicide missions. They have an annual turnover of $150 million from financial donations, kidnappings and ransom and drug trafficking.<br /><br />1. Islamic State, otherwise known as, ISIS.<br />ISIS is the richest terrorist organisation in the world, with an annual turnover of $2 billion, most of which from oil trades, kidnapping and ransoms, taxes, bank robberies and looting. The Islamic State is founded by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi with an aspiration to mobilize the majority of the Muslim population under its control and establish an Islamic state in Syria, Jordon, Lebanon and Palestine. As of March 2015, ISIS has control over territory occupied by 10 million people in the northern parts of Iraq and western parts of Syria. They are known for their cruel, inhuman treatment of civilians which includes open-firing on civilians and malicious executions involving the beheading of soldiers and journalists. Their acts of barbarism are so brutal that even Al Qaeda had to condemn it! As of 2014, ISIS is responsible for the fatalities of 6,286 people. Their most recent activity was the shocking mass shooting attack in Paris on the evening of the 13th November 2015 that left 129 dead and a further 352 injured.<br /><br />Music = &quot;Hitman&quot; Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com) <br />Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/</a><br /><br />Connect With Us!<br />Twitter = <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/OfficialFact5">https://twitter.com/OfficialFact5</a><br />Google + = <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://plus.google.com/+Fact5">https://plus.google.com/+Fact5</a><br />Facebook = <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/OfficialFact5/">https://www.facebook.com/OfficialFact5/</a><br />Check Out The Narrator = <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/Fact5Narrator">http://bit.ly/Fact5Narrator</a>{% endraw %}
