---
title: "Why you should have 0 friends |You don't fit in"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Q9e8qy6-P-w\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Q9e8qy6-P-w"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["infinite water","fit in","0 friends"]
date: "2022-03-05T10:40:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-05T03:06:35Z"
duration: "PT10M17S"
viewcount: "2968"
likeCount: "421"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Fascinating TV"
---
{% raw %}Why you should have 0 friends |You don't fit in <br />EXPLORE NEW HORIZON WITH “KEEN” LINK: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://trykeen.com/FascinatingTV">http://trykeen.com/FascinatingTV</a><br /><br />Join the star seed community : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/37pyhBZ">https://bit.ly/37pyhBZ</a><br /><br />Hallo powerful galactic beings, welcome back to another video. To be truly happy you don’t need to fit in anywhere at all. Fitting in is always as if you are playing the game called Tetris. Once you fit in, you disappear. Therefore, being yourself and unique is the best way to strive. “Here's to the crazy ones. The misfits and the rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They're not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can't do is ignore them. Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.” If you still want to be accepted by the world then remember “Mis fits aren’t Misfits among other Misfits.” If you believe you don’t belong anywhere, use it to your advantage. Sure, at certain point in our lives we’re going to feel like we’re never going to fit in. Especially during those tumultuous teen years, always doubting and questioning whether or not the society is going to accept us for who we are. And the truth is, everybody else feels the same way as well. As I grew up, I realized that nobody ever pays attention to me, and that they are all too busy scrutinizing themselves to notice.<br /><br /><br /> #FascinatingTV#highlyevolved#0friends#whyyoushouldnotfitin#have0friends#don’tfitin#don’tfitinanymorefitin#fittingin#society#peopledon’tfitin#doyouhave0friends#Why highly evolved chosen ones don’t fit in anymore#why you don’t fit in anymore#fit-in#you don’t fit in#0 friends and don't fit in anymore#0 friends#misunderstood#why people misunderstand you#self development#spiritualenlightenment##highervibration#positivevibration#chosenones#prepare#lifechingingevent#lifepreparation#5D#5Dconsciousness#highervibration#soul#earringing#consciouseness#5th dimension of consciousness#joe dispenza#abraham hicks#spiritual meaning of ringing in the ear#spiritual meaning#soulawakening#oldsouls#chosenones#divinehour#witchhour#Why highly enlightened CHOSEN ONES get ear ringing#why the chosen ones don’t fit in#why you don’t fit in#you don’t fit in #ear frequency#higher awareness#awkening#conciousness#higher consciousness#Why the chosen ones are highly enlightened soul#TED-ED#teded#ringing in the ear#wakeup3AM#3AM#wake-up#3:30AM#4AM#chosen#ralph smart#infinite waters#ones chosen#chosen people#chosen ones#a chosen ones#signs you are chosen one#old souls#why you don’t fit in any longer #What's that ringing in your ear #what is the spiritual meaning of ringing in the ear #old soul#soul old#trens genius#chosen one#life of abundance#peace #0friends#higherconconsciousness#misunderstanding#misunderstand#haters#howtodealwithhaters#consciousness#FascinatingTVralph smart,spiritual awakening signs you’re an old soul,old soul,old souls,what is an old soul,old soul signs,being an old soul,introverts,introversion,hsp,highly sensitive people,soul age,#oneschosen #why ou don’t have any friend#why you have 0 friends#0 friends#spiritual so# hated#jealous#why people jealous the chosen ones#shorts#star seeds#chosen ones#ascnsion#Fascinating TV#TV#spirituality#spiritual awakening#awakening spirit#spirit#metaphysics#loa#joe dispenza #love#life#manifestation#affirmation infinite waters,chosen one,10 signs you are a chosen one, #Fascinating TV#people#society#new age,spirit#spirituality#spirituawakening the law of attraction,abraham hicks,old souls,old souls,loa,mind,motivational video,brain,signs you are a chosen one,one chosen,male chosen,female chosen,chosen people,the chosen ones,Fascinating TV,you are a chosen one,brainy dose,signs you’re an old soul,spirituality,reincarnation,mark haughton,law of attraction, meditation,TV, joe dispenza,affirmation,chosen ones,universe inside you,<br /><br /><br />Highly evolved,fit in, 0 friends, why you should not fit in, chosen ones 0 friends why you don’t have  a friend, noo friends, non-comformist,Why highly evolved chosen ones don’t fit in anymore,why you don’t fit in,0 friends,highly evolved, Why chosen ones don’t FIT IN,highly enlightened,spiritual enlightenment,Fascinating TV, the chosen ones,you are a chosen one, joe dispenza,the law of attraction,motivational video, ralph smart,consciousness,ear ringing,female chosen, 5D,reality,law of attraction, chosen ones,no friend,infinite waters,chosen,signs you are a chosen one,ones chosen,spiritual so,{% endraw %}
