---
title: "WHAT TO DO WHEN THE INSURANCE COMPANY REFUSES TO PAY by Attorney Matt Powell Tampa Accident Lawyer"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/l4NshUizV6g\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "l4NshUizV6g"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["what to do when car insurance company refuses to pay","car insurance claims","injury claims"]
date: "2022-02-21T07:59:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-02-03T19:00:41Z"
duration: "PT17M23S"
viewcount: "103737"
likeCount: "1303"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "MattLaw"
---
{% raw %}What to do when a Car Insurance Company Refuses to Pay<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://MattLaw.com">http://MattLaw.com</a> - Matt Powell, Board Certified Civil Trial Lawyer<br /><br /><br />The most important thing to know is the only thing that motivates insurance companies is profit. So, the only way to elicit a response from your car insurance company is via threats of profit loss.<br /><br />Most people believe that insurance companies are motivated by altruistic goals and always want to do the right thing for their insureds and society. Unfortunately, that line of thinking could not be farther from the truth.<br /><br />Your car insurance company is not looking to do the right thing for you, your family, or our country. When your car insurance company refuses to pay, it's because it's the right thing to do for their bottom line (profits.)<br /><br />When a car insurance company refuses to pay, the only thing you can do to motivate them to pay the full value of your claim is to threaten them with a lawsuit.<br /><br />Here is the car insurance company mantra:<br /><br />DENY the Claim<br />DELAY the Claim<br />DEFEND the Claim<br /><br />I call the insurance company mantra &quot;The 3 D's.&quot; First, your car insurance company will refuse to pay your claim by denying any responsibility for you and your families losses.<br /><br />Second, your car insurance company will refuse to pay your claim by delaying the process. They will do things like sending you on a wild goose chase for paperwork they don't actually need. Insurance companies are motivated to delay claims because they accrue interest on the money they don't pay you over time.<br /><br />Third, your car insurance company will refuse to pay you by defending the claim when you file a lawsuit. They will defend the claim using their own in-house lawyers or private law firms so they can hold onto your money as long as possible.<br /><br />0:00 What to do when the insurance company refuses to pay from a Board Certified Lawyer<br />0:09 What motivates insurance companies to pay a claim<br />0:14 Why are insurance companies so difficult<br />0:54 Putting profits over paying claims<br />1:28 Insurance companies are motivated by the risk of losing profits<br />1:44 When they refuse to pay you must threaten action against the insurance company<br />2:15 What is the process insurance companies use to not pay claims<br />2:51 Why do they deny a claim even when it is obvious they should pay<br />3:11 Do I have to give a recorded statement<br />3:24 What can I do when they refuse to pay<br />3:40 Why waiting to take action is a bad idea<br />4:00 Can't a lawyer make the insurance company do the right thing<br />4:15 Insurance companies have the right to put up every legal defense they can think of to deny any claim<br />4:30 Eventually a day of reckoning will come before a jury to hold the insurance company accountable<br />4:48 Delaying your claim is how they take advantage of you<br />5:39 How do we deal with delay tactics <br />6:38 The insurance company may defend claims with their in house lawyers<br />7:38 Insurance Medical Exams are bought and paid for to defeat your claim<br />7:50 Property damage defense experts are paid to defeat your claim<br />8:14 Insurance companies follow you around with investigators<br />8:20 Insurance companies search your social media<br />9:10 What can be done to fight these insurance tactics<br />9:15 File suit to protect your rights<br />9:24 Jury Trials are the only thing that scares an insurance company<br />9:40 How do I find the right lawyer to represent me<br />10:25 Do insurance companies take advantage of lawyers who don't go to trial<br />10:40 When do insurance companies loose control of a case<br />11:24 How can I force them to pay my claim<br />11:52 Do insurance companies keep track of lawyers who just settle cases to pay them less<br />12:34 Do insurance companies keep track of doctors and lawyers who work together<br />13:38 If the insurance company knows the clinic does not keep good records they will pay you less on your claim<br />14:00 When are insurance companies at their weakest<br />14:28 You have to exploit the insurance companies weaknesses and force them to trial<br />15:00 Insurance defense lawyers are often over worked and have too many files to keep up with a good plaintiff lawyer<br />15:26 What motivates a fair payment is an attorney who will file suit and go all the way<br />15:40 Trials are not easy and that is why many lawyers won't go to trial<br />16:12 What do I need in my case to motivate a fair payment<br />17:13 Who should I call for help<br /><br /><br />Car insurance companies place different values on claims depending on which lawyer you hire. So, you need to hire a lawyer with a track record of taking claims all the way to trial where a jury can determine the value of your claim.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://mattlaw.com/when-car-insurance-company-refuses-to-pay/">http://mattlaw.com/when-car-insurance-company-refuses-to-pay/</a><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://MattLaw.com">http://MattLaw.com</a> - Matt Powell, Board Certified Civil Trial Lawyer<br /><br />Buy My Book on Amazon.<br />&quot;What To Do When The Insurance Company Refuses To Pay&quot;<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.amazon.com/Insurance-Company-Refuses-Step-Step/dp/B08P8C297T/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&amp;keywords=What+to+do+when+the+insurance+company+refuses+to+pay&amp;qid=1625515089&amp;sr=8-1">https://www.amazon.com/Insurance-Company-Refuses-Step-Step/dp/B08P8C297T/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&amp;keywords=What+to+do+when+the+insurance+company+refuses+to+pay&amp;qid=1625515089&amp;sr=8-1</a><br /><br />This is a step by step guide on how to file your own lawsuit.{% endraw %}
