---
title: "PlanetWatch Type 3 Sensor Saturation: Will Earnings Soon Decrease? [UPDATED!]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/dpA58QRoxUk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "dpA58QRoxUk"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["crypto","crypto currency","cryptocurrency"]
date: "2022-02-01T14:25:57+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-31T23:42:14Z"
duration: "PT6M"
viewcount: "1572"
likeCount: "88"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Crypto Income Stream"
---
{% raw %}It looks like the Type 3 PlanetWatch Kaiterra Sensedge Mini has reached the saturation point. In this video, we will go through if and when earnings are likely to decrease if you have a type 3 PlanetWatch sensor.<br /><br />Content:<br /><br />0:00 - Type 3 PlanetWatch Sensor Reaches Saturation Point<br />0:35 - What does the saturation point mean?<br />1:30 - Have Type 3 earnings already decreased?<br />2:20 - When could earnings decrease?<br />3:45 - How valuable is Type 3 sensor data?<br />4:15 - Potential PlanetWatch whitepaper changes<br /><br />See also... How PlanetWatch Sensor Saturation works: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnJkH-cBvr0">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnJkH-cBvr0</a><br /><br />#PlanetWatch #PassiveIncome #Crypto<br /><br />So just over a week ago the Type 3 Kaiterra Sensedge Mini Type 3 PlanetWatch sensor reached the saturation point. So, if you go to the PlanetWatch explorer page you’ll see that the recycle bin for Type 3 is now in RED which means that it’s slowly going to start taking out additional planet tokens from the recycle bin.<br /><br />Now if you’re wondering, what is the saturation point and how does this affect your planetwatch earnings?<br /><br />I recommend you watch my full video on the PlanetWatch saturation point and how it works. I’ll include a link in the description. But for now, I’ll just quickly give you a very short overview. <br /><br />So, in short, PlanetWatch has a budget of planet tokens that is rewarded to people who have a devices that share air quality data with PlanetWatch. These planet tokens can later be exchanged to the currency of your choice. However, because they have a limited budget of how many planet tokens they can distribute each day, if lots of people buy the PlanetWatch air quality sensors, it can reach a point where there isn’t enough Planet tokens in the budget to pay everyone maximum rewards. This is basically where we reach the saturation point. So it’s important to keep an eye on this as it can directly affect your earnings with the PlanetWatch crypto project.<br /><br />Now when a Planetwatch sensor does reach the saturation point, earnings don’t decrease straight away. Instead, it still pays everyone maximum rewards from the recycle bin.<br /><br />But eventually the recycle bin will empty and it can only be topped up again when planetwatch sell the air quality data.<br /><br />So right now, even though the planetwatch Type 3 sensor has reached the saturation point, everyone should still be getting maximum rewards because there are still enough planet tokens in the recycle bin.<br /><br />So, the next logical question is, how long will this last?<br /> <br />So, at the time of recording this video, if we do the math we can see there are 6,215 active Type 3 sensors.<br /><br />And according to the whitepaper, each sensor should pay out a maximum of 57 planet tokens each day.<br /><br />And in case you’re wondering why we are using 57 planet tokens instead of 46, it’s because 57 planet tokens are actually deducted. But the sensor owners such as me and you only see 80% of that. So 57 planet tokens is the correct number to do the calculation.<br /><br />So if we multiply 6,215 sensors by 57 planet tokens = 354,255 planet tokens that are being used each day. <br /><br />If we take the total budget of 73 million planet tokens and divide it by 354,255 planet tokens that should be used each day, this gives us 206 days until maximum earnings for Type 3 sensors MIGHT start to decrease.<br /><br />However, keep in mind this number could change and decrease even further as new sensors are being onboarded each day.<br /><br />Also as a quick tip: If you’ve ordered the Type 3 sensor but it still hasn’t arrived yet, you can go to the “Batch Info” page on PlanetWatch website and enter your order number to get an estimate of when it will arrive.<br /><br />So, does this mean earnings will start to decrease?<br /><br />Maybe. It all depends on whether PlanetWatch is able to sell the air quality data.<br /><br />Fortunately, the CEO of PlanetWatch said in a November AMA that the data for the type 3 sensor is a lot more valuable than they originally anticipated. That’s why they proposed the change of increasing daily earnings from 30 planet tokens each day to 46 planet tokens each day. This change was made to properly compensate owners of  Type 3 sensors, since the data is very valuable according to PlanetWatch.<br /><br />Once they sell the air quality data, 40% will go to the recycle bin and 40% will also go to the sensors involved in the sale. So now we just need to wait and see if they will actually sell the air quality data or not. I’ll record a video in the near future explaining who will pay for this air quality data and how much will it likely sell for, so keep an eye on my channel for future updates.{% endraw %}
