---
title: "RETURN to ONENESS | 963 Hz Frequency of Gods | Pineal Gland Crown Chakra & Third Eye | Healing Music"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/5LNDHvi_YGo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "5LNDHvi_YGo"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["inner lotus music","963 Hz","963 hz return to oneness"]
date: "2022-02-10T02:18:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-17T15:00:03Z"
duration: "PT3H33M33S"
viewcount: "686306"
likeCount: "14008"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Inner Lotus Music"
---
{% raw %}Also known as “The Frequency of Gods”, the frequency of 963Hz is one of the most powerful and uplifting tones. This frequency is not only associated with our Third Eye and the Activation of the Pineal Gland. It also is a Solfeggio frequency our Crown Chakra can resonate with. <br /><br />If you enjoy my music and would like to support me, you are welcome to subscribe to my channel 🤗💖 <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-hVOGj2apTeEvc49CrjQlg?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-hVOGj2apTeEvc49CrjQlg?sub_confirmation=1</a> <br />Hit the ((🔔)) to turn on notifications and receive the latest Inner Lotus Music! <br /><br />Also called the “Frequency of Gods”, the 963Hz Solfeggio frequency is said to awaken any system to its original, perfect state. Its tone, also associated with our Third Eye and the Crown Chakra, helps us return to Oneness, to our very source. If you feel disconnected with the rest of the world, the 963Hz frequency can help complete your awakening with the interconnectedness and Oneness of the Universe. Listening to the frequency of 963Hz can also strengthen the sense of community and belonging, or restore it if necessary.<br /><br />Solfeggio frequencies form part of an ancient scale that was rediscovered in the early 70’s. They are a tone sequence of special tonal frequencies. Originally used in Gregorian chants for centuries, they recently were brought to everybody’s attention for their healing powers. The music in this video was composed in the seventh tone of the Solfeggio frequency scale: The tone “Si” at 963Hz. <br /><br />I you like this meditation music, you might also resonate with my Solfeggio frequencies music playlist:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXwfGygOmeUUyUc4dXhbrATvPt5AW4nRC">https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXwfGygOmeUUyUc4dXhbrATvPt5AW4nRC</a><br /><br />For this meditation music, all instruments have been specifically and carefully tuned to 963 Hz. Therefore, the meditation music in this video is an original 963 Hz composition and has not been artificially tuned to 963Hz after completion. I am convinced that composing music in the original frequency will lead to better results when it comes to deploying the positive energy and benefits of this particular Solfeggio frequency. <br /><br />Feel free to listen to this 963Hz meditation and/or sleep music with headphones at a moderate level or - if you prefer - just let it flow through open space. As long as it is positive for your body and soul, it will be positive for you. <br /><br />Love and gratitude 💖🙏🏼 <br />Pierre<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Note: Do not listen to music emphasizing particular frequencies if you suffer from epilepsy! If you have any concerns or other health issues you are uncertain of, please check with your medical practitioner prior to listening. Please do not listen to the music on this channel whilst driving or operating machinery of any kind! Although this music can help you to relax, meditate and sleep, it is not taking the place of professional medical and/or therapeutic advice and/or treatment. <br /><br />Music composed and produced by Pierre Ynad <br />Copyright ⓒ 2021 Inner Lotus Music ™. All rights reserved. <br /><br />Some elements of this video were legally purchased from shutterstock.com and storyblocks.com and re-edited in our unique artistic style. The reuse, event in parts, of any video, image and/or music from this channel is strictly prohibited !<br /><br />We are currently not licensing our music for commercial and/or non-commercial use.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />This Return to Oneness | 963 Hz Frequency of Gods | Pineal Gland Crown Chakra &amp; Third Eye | Healing Music for meditation and/or sleep was written in the healing 963 hz Solfeggio frequency and can be used as 963Hz return to oneness meditation music, 963Hz pineal gland activation meditation music, 963Hz crown chakra opening meditation music, 963Hz third eye meditation music, 963 hz frequency of gods meditation music, 963 hz healing solfeggio frequency meditation music, 963 hz meditation music, 963 hz sleep music, 963 Hz yoga music, 963 Hz reiki music, as general purpose meditation music, 963 Hz background music and for all activities that benefit from 963 Hz frequency music. <br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />#innerlotusmusic #solfeggiohealingmusic #chakrahealingmusic chakrahealing 963 hz, return to oneness, frequency of gods, 963 hz pineal gland, 963 hz crown chakra, 963 hz third eye, 963 hz solfeggio frequency, 963 hz healing frequency, 963hz meditation music{% endraw %}
