---
title: "Kellyanne Conway Publicly Humiliates Her Husband For Being Anti Trump"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CUwERZJTH3U\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CUwERZJTH3U"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Farron Cousins","News","Politics"]
date: "2022-02-26T03:04:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-25T14:00:05Z"
duration: "PT5M"
viewcount: "82731"
likeCount: "5937"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Farron Balanced"
---
{% raw %}Kellyanne Conway has decided that the best way to deal with her anti-Trump husband, George Conway, is to try and publicly humiliate him. In a tweet this week, Kellyanne mocked an article in the Washington Post from her husband, tweeting out a hashtag about Trump Derangement Syndrome. This little feud must make things fairly awkward at home, but on this particular matter, George is absolutely correct. Farron Cousins explains what's happening.<br /><br />Link - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.rawstory.com/george-and-kellyanne-conway/">https://www.rawstory.com/george-and-kellyanne-conway/</a><br /><br />Don't forget to like, comment, and share! And subscribe to stay connected!<br /><br />Connect with Farron on Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/farronbalanced">https://twitter.com/farronbalanced</a><br /><br />*This transcript was auto-generated. Please excuse any typos.<br /><br />Apparently things are not all well at the Conway household with husband and wife, duo Kelly Ann and George Conway still, apparently not getting along because one of them is loyal to Donald Trump and the other. Thanks. Donald Trump belongs behind bars. And this week, of course, that feud escalated into public where Kelly, Anne Conway appeared on Twitter to accuse her own husband of suffering from Trump derangement syndrome. So here's what happened. Um, you had conservative writer, drew Holden, who posted a screenshot of a articles written by various peoples three of them, by the way, from George Conway, himself talking about Donald Trump's legal problems and how, of course the walls were closing in, on Donald Trump. And he juxtapose that with a screenshot of the reports from this week that two of the prosecutors working with the Manhattan dis strict attorney's office on the Trump case resigned because they believe that, uh, the new da, uh, is not really taking this seriously. <br /><br />And doesn't exactly want it to move forward. So Kelly Ann Conway, retweets this and says excellent thread and then added the hashtag T D S, which of course stands for Trump D arrangement syndrome. Knowing that in that first tweet, she retweeted on that thread. There was an article not just written by her husband, but that the Washington post tagged him in, in the tweet. So she publicly accused her own husband of suffering Trump derangement syndrome. Now, listen, I'll get more to that in a second, but let's, let's talk for a moment, I guess, about what's happening in New York, because certainly not a great development for anybody whose name isn't Trump. So yeah, two prosecutors resigned because they say that the new da, uh, is not serious about this investigation moving forward, that he may believe that there's not any there, there, and of course they admitted they're struggling to get Alan Weisselberg to cooperate so far. <br /><br />He has not cooperated. So it is very difficult for them to move forward. They say, and they haven't interviewed at anybody in front of the grand jury and hope for a month. And so they said, screw it we're done. That does not mean the investigation has ended, but it certainly doesn't bode well for that investigation. And sure, it's easy to point at people who had said, oh, this is the beginning of the end for Donald Trump. Um, and laugh at them. If you're on that side of the aisle. Now I've admitted in recent weeks that I've felt more optimistic about these investigations, that it felt like everything was moving forward and that Trump may in may end up in prison. Um, clearly don't think that way. And I was never all in on that. Anyway, I tend to regard these things with some skepticism due to the fact that Donald Trump always seems to manage to RLE his way out of it. <br /><br />I just didn't think it was gonna be the actual da that basically was like, eh, we don't need to move forward with this, but for the Conways it is personal, right. Kelly Ann, obviously former white house counselor, you know, loves Donald Trump basically ruined her entire career and a relationship with the rest of her family because of Donald Trump. Because in addition to feuding with her husband now publicly about all of this, her daughter has also called her out. So yeah, not good times in the Conway household. So George Kellyanne, maybe that's what y'all need to focus on after all, you do have kids, right? Maybe stop creating such a toxic environment for them. You know, nobody wants to see their parents fight at home, but more importantly, nobody wants to see their parents fight in public for the entire world to see it's embarrassing. So how about you work on things at the Conway household rather than worrying about whether or not Trump is or isn't going to jail. And at this point it does seem incredibly unlikely that that is ever going to happen. But nevertheless, probably not the kind of thing you want to end a marriage over or possibly scar your children for life over, just because one of you wins and the other loses.{% endraw %}
