---
title: "ADHD and Sleep: How to Get Out of Bed in the Morning"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/qubbHJrVnts\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "qubbHJrVnts"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Sleep:","Morning"]
date: "2022-02-09T14:08:34+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-09-12T17:00:09Z"
duration: "PT6M"
viewcount: "8385"
likeCount: "345"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Reset ADHD"
---
{% raw %}This video series, presented by Alex R. Hey, PCAC of Reset ADHD, covers ADHD and sleep. Blending research and personal experience, Alex shares what he has learned about sleep and how to get a better night's sleep even when ADHD makes sleep challenging.<br /><br />Visit ResetADHD.com to hit RESET on your ADHD or to claim your copy of our FREE eBook, &quot;10 Things You Didn't Know about ADHD.&quot;<br /><br />Sources:<br />Why We Sleep: Unlocking the Power of Sleep and Dreams by Matthew Walker, PhD<br />Jessen, N. A., Munk, A. S., Lundgaard, I., &amp; Nedergaard, M. (2015). The Glymphatic System: A Beginner's Guide. Neurochemical research, 40(12), 2583–2599. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://doi.org/10.1007/s11064-015-1581-6">https://doi.org/10.1007/s11064-015-1581-6</a><br />The Sleep Solution: Why Your Sleep Is Broken and How to Fix It by W. Chris Winter, MD<br />Becker, S. P., Epstein, J. N., Tamm, L., Tilford, A. A., Tischner, C. M., Isaacson, P. A., . . . Beebe, D. W. (2019). Shortened Sleep Duration Causes Sleepiness, Inattention, and Oppositionality in Adolescents With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Findings From a Crossover Sleep Restriction/Extension Study.Â Journal of the American Academy of Child &amp; Adolescent Psychiatry,Â 58(4), 433-442. doi:10.1016/j.jaac.2018.09.439<br />Cortese, S., Konofal, E., Yateman, N., Mouren, M. C., &amp; Lecendreux, M. (2006). Sleep and alertness in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review of the literature. Sleep, 29(4), 504–511.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.additudemag.com/podcast-sleep-solutions-adhd-brain-olivardia/">https://www.additudemag.com/podcast-sleep-solutions-adhd-brain-olivardia/</a><br />Gruber, R., Xi, T., Frenette, S., Robert, M., Vannasinh, P., &amp; Carrier, J. (2009). Sleep disturbances in prepubertal children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a home polysomnography study. Sleep, 32(3), 343–350. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://doi.org/10.1093/sleep/32.3.343">https://doi.org/10.1093/sleep/32.3.343</a><br /><br />Stein, M. A., Weiss, M., &amp; Hlavaty, L. (2012). ADHD treatments, sleep, and sleep problems: complex associations. Neurotherapeutics : the journal of the American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, 9(3), 509–517. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://doi.org/10.1007/s13311-012-0130-0">https://doi.org/10.1007/s13311-012-0130-0</a><br /><br />Merikanto, I., Kuula, L., Makkonen, T., Halonen, R., Lahti, J., Heinonen, K., . . . Pesonen, A. (2019). ADHD symptoms are associated with decreased activity of fast sleep spindles and poorer procedural overnight learning during adolescence.Â Neurobiology of Learning and Memory,Â 157, 106-113. doi:10.1016/j.nlm.2018.12.004<br /><br />Cremone-Caira, A., Root, H., Harvey, E. A., Mcdermott, J. M., &amp; Spencer, R. M. (2019). Effects of Sleep Extension on Inhibitory Control in Children With ADHD: A Pilot Study.Â Journal of Attention Disorders,Â 24(4), 601-610. doi:10.1177/1087054719851575<br /><br />Nicole Papadopoulos, Vasileios Stavropoulos, Jennifer McGinley, Mark Bellgrove, Bruce Tonge, Anna Murphy, Kim Cornish &amp; Nicole Rinehart (2018): Moderating Effect of Motor Proficiency on the Relationship Between ADHD Symptoms and Sleep Problems in Children With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder–Combined Type, Behavioral Sleep Medicine, DOI: 10.1080/15402002.2018.1443455<br /><br />Li, Y., Gu, S., Wang, Z., Li, H., Xu, X., Zhu, H., . . . Huang, J. H. (2019). Relationship Between Stressful Life Events and Sleep Quality: Rumination as a Mediator and Resilience as a Moderator.Â Frontiers in Psychiatry,Â 10. doi:10.3389/fpsyt.2019.00348<br /><br />Carpena, M. X., Munhoz, T. N., Xavier, M. O., Rohde, L. A., Santos, I. S., Del-Ponte, B., . . . Tovo-Rodrigues, L. (2019). The Role of Sleep Duration and Sleep Problems During Childhood in the Development of ADHD in Adolescence: Findings From a Population-Based Birth Cohort.Â Journal of Attention Disorders,Â 24(4), 590-600. doi:10.1177/1087054719879500<br /><br />Drake, C., Roehrs, T., Shambroom, J., &amp; Roth, T. (2013). Caffeine Effects on Sleep Taken 0, 3, or 6 Hours before Going to Bed.Â Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine,Â 09(11), 1195-1200. doi:10.5664/jcsm.3170<br /><br />Wajszilber, D., Santiseban, J. A., &amp; Gruber, R. (2018). Sleep disorders in patients with ADHD: impact and management challenges. Nature and science of sleep, 10, 453–480. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://doi.org/10.2147/NSS.S163074">https://doi.org/10.2147/NSS.S163074</a>{% endraw %}
