---
title: "To Those Who Fight Fire..."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ha9a3WkPYH8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ha9a3WkPYH8"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Firefighters","Firemen","Tribute"]
date: "2022-03-16T19:01:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2012-09-03T04:04:22Z"
duration: "PT3M39S"
viewcount: "498334"
likeCount: "4757"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "SIXNutrition"
---
{% raw %}Press the Thumbs Up if you liked this video. All active firemen get 15% off any order at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://sixnutrition.com.">http://sixnutrition.com.</a> Use coupon code &quot;TRIBUTE&quot;.  <br /><br />About SIX Nutrition:  ( <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://sixnutrition.com">http://sixnutrition.com</a> )<br /><br />One of the most important things a fireman can do is stay in shape and be ready for action.  SIX for MEN is a performance oriented vitamin supplement taken by professional athletes, Olympic hopefuls, and weekend warriors alike.  SIX for MEN is safe,  tested for purity and it WORKS. Thousands of fitness oriented guys have proven the difference SIX makes in their workout and lifestyle.  Have more energy, be more alert, and recover faster. Guaranteed.  SIX Nutrition was started by a group of active guys who wanted to keep their athletic edge and get more out of life. No jitters, no stimulants, just powerful ingredients that work!   <br />  <br />Video Credits:<br />Thanks goes to: The thousands of fire fighters who risk their lives every day on our behalf.  The amazing footage in this video was only made possible by some of those same fire fighters who strapped cameras to their helmets, and from bystanders who witnessed heroism in action.  We gathered much of this footage from the public domain and unfortunately were not able to know exactly where or who it came from.  If we happened to use footage you have copyrighted please email us and we will add you to the credit lists.  Thanks to the guys at Crankshaft Marketing and Jolly Apple Skull for donating their editing and production talents to this cause.<br /><br />The music is from the band Disturbed, the song is Indestructible and can be purchased here.  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.amazon.com/Disturbed/e/B000APKJM4/">http://www.amazon.com/Disturbed/e/B000APKJM4/</a><br /><br />Known video sources:<br />US Forestry Service, LAFD, SDFD, NYFD, <br /><br />All SIX Nutrition products are proudly manufactured in the USA.<br /><br />The script from the video is below:<br /><br />To all the hotshots, the smoke jumpers, the hand crews, the tanker pilots, the dozer drivers,   ..... and the chiefs.<br />  <br />You fight an enemy that lives at 1,400 degrees. With steel shovels and chainsaws for weapons, you climb mountains just to reach your field of battle, the rock is your pillow and the heavens your roof;   smoke for your breath and a canteen for your drink.  <br /><br />To all the Fire Departments, the Engine and Ladder companies, the fire brigades!  When the bell rings in the middle of the night and you go lights and sirens: bring the hook and Irons.  It's time to go to work!<br /><br />To those who fight to save our homes, who protect our children while we sleep, and to those who have died so we can live....   We respect.  We honor. We thank you!{% endraw %}
