---
title: "20 Biggest Shark in the World"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Z0_4r3CqHCY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Z0_4r3CqHCY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["biggest shark in the world","shark","great white shark"]
date: "2022-02-10T11:35:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-09T14:29:27Z"
duration: "PT12M11S"
viewcount: "7795"
likeCount: "123"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ultimate Fact"
---
{% raw %}Sharks are a diverse group of fish that have been prowling our oceans for hundreds of millions of years. Giant sharks have evolved and gone extinct throughout Earth's history and plenty of behemoths still lurk in the ocean today. Here are the top 20 biggest sharks from past and present. <br />1. Blue Shark-12.5 feet<br />This biggest shark in the world can grow to lengths of 150 inches but the average size is usually around 70 to 94 inches and 30 to 52 kg in weight, an overall of 12.5 feet. Maximum lifespan is unknown at this time but they are thought to at least live to 20 years of age. Although blue sharks are not usually aggressive, they are curious animals, known to approach divers, especially spearfishes when food is involved. They have a deep blue color dorsally, which fades to light blue on the sides and white on the belly.<br />2. Prickly Shark-13.1 feet<br />The prickly shark is plain brown or gray, often with a purplish tint, and has black trailing margins on the fins. The underside is paler, most obviously on the snout and around the mouth. It may reach a length of 13.1 feet. The maximum recorded weight of this world’s biggest shark is 266 kg for a 10.1 feet long female. The prickly shark has a flabby and cylindrical body. The mouth forms a broad arch, with very short furrows at the corners. There are 21–25 and 20–27 tooth rows in the upper and lower jaws respectively. <br />3. Nurse Shark-14.1 feet<br />The nurse shark has two rounded dorsal fins, rounded pectoral fins, an elongated caudal fin, and a broad head. Maximum adult length is currently documented as 10.1 feet, whereas past reports of 14.1 feet and corresponding weights of up to 330 kg are likely to have been exaggerated. Adult nurse sharks are brownish in color. Newly born nurse sharks have a spotted coloration that fades with age and is about 11 inches in length when nascent. One amazing fact is the young nurse sharks are born fully developed is about 11.8 inches long.<br />4. Smooth Hammer Head Shark-14.2 feet<br />Another biggest shark ever, talking about smooth hammer head sharks which are characterized by a flattened hammer- or shovel-shaped head, or cephalofoil. They are perhaps the most distinctive and unique of all sharks. These cartilaginous fishes vary in size; the small scalloped bonnethead measures only 35.4 inches long, whereas the great hammerhead grows to over 14.2 feet in length. Although they are considered one of the most recently evolved groups of sharks, sphyrnids are known to date back in the fossil record to at least the early Miocene Epoch. <br />5. Bluntnose Sixgill Shark-15.8 feet<br />This shark, which is also found around the world in tropical and temperate seas, grows on average 15.8 feet long but has been known to grow as long as 20 feet. This biggest shark in the world is also called the cow shark, it is found deep in the ocean and eats whatever it can tackle with its protruding jaws, including giant octopuses. As a Hexanchiform shark, it is a rather primitive animal, with a blunt head, small eyes that lack a protective nictitating membrane, and a single dorsal fin. <br />6. Great White Shark-20 feet<br />Great white sharks are perhaps the best-known predators in the ocean and the largest living sharks that don't filter feed. These big sharks are estimated to grow to 20 feet long but there are unconfirmed reports of these sharks reaching lengths of 23 feet. They can also weigh up to 7,000 pounds. When they grow up, the sharks hunt down marine mammals such as sea lions and dolphins. Great white sharks have a wide geographic range but are most common in temperate waters. Guadalupe Island in Mexico is the top destination for great white shark encounters.<br />7. Basking Shark-49.8 feet<br />At nearly 50ft. long, this monster is the largest shark in the seas. It is found all over the world in temperate water and moves slowly, its mouth gaping to take in plankton. It gets its name because it’s often found feeding at the water’s surface, appearing to bask in the sunlight. It has hundreds of teeth, but they are small, curved, and don’t do much. The fish depends on its gill rakers to catch the plankton as it’s pulled into the mouth along with seawater. Unsurprisingly, gill rakers get worn out and are replaced and regrown continuously.<br />8. Whale Shark-55.7 feet<br />It is not only the biggest at about 55.7 feet in length, but it is the biggest shark in the world. It is considered a carpet shark because of the beautiful pattern on its hide, often compared with megadolon. They usually have small mouths. This doesn’t quite apply to the whale shark, though its mouth is smaller than that of the basking shark or megamouth. The whale shark simply opens its mouth and swims forward, which allows food and seawater to enter its mouth, or it sucks the prey in.<br />#UltimateFact #Facts #Shark{% endraw %}
