---
title: "War Begins now: 54 fighter jets such as F-35, F-22, F-16 & A-10 fly to Indo-Pacific combat operation"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Zj5CNWU25K0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Zj5CNWU25K0"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["war begins now","54 fighter jets such as f-35 f-22 f-16 & a-10 fly to indo-pacific combat operation","f-35"]
date: "2022-04-16T10:43:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-15T02:00:06Z"
duration: "PT8M7S"
viewcount: "86855"
likeCount: "942"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "AMERICAN PATRIOT MILITARY"
---
{% raw %}Eielson Air Force Base, Alaska, will receive its final two F-35 strike fighters in the coming days, making it the Air Force’s second fully-equipped combat-coded F-35 wing and the first for Pacific Air Forces.<br /><br />Once the beddown is complete, Eielson will have a total of 54 strike fighters in two squadrons. Eleventh Air Force Commander Lt. Gen. David A. Krumm told Air Force Magazine that when combined with the two squadrons of F-22s at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson, Alaska will have more operational fifth-generation assets than anywhere else in the world.<br />...<br />The stand-up and the buildup, I would argue, is still definitely ongoing,” said Lt. Col. Samuel Chipman, commander of the 355th Fighter Squadron, which will receive the final two aircraft this month. “The F-35 community, if you look at it and compare it to the F-16 community or the A-10 community, has definitely not matured yet. There is not enough experience to go around … For instance, a lot of my guys are young captains. They are extremely motivated and extremely focused on what they do when it comes to the mission, [but] they are still extremely inexperienced.”<br />...<br />He often tells his pilots, that if they can fly out of Eielson, which is located about 100 miles from the Arctic circle, they can fly anywhere in the world.<br /><br />“It’s nothing for us to land on a snow-covered runway. It’s nothing for us to apply the brakes on this aircraft, either taxiing or on rollout from landing,” and not get a response. “That is a normal thing here and we pride ourselves” on being able to handle it, he said.<br /><br />Learning to operate in such an environment takes practice, which is part part of the reason the wing’s operational tempo is so high. Berkland said the 354th Fighter Wing flies 44 F-35 training sorties a day, plus another 14 daily lines with its F-16 Aggressors. Both F-35 squadrons have already deployed with the jets: the 356th Fighter Squadron went to Exercise Cope North at Andersen Air Fore Base, Guam, in 2021, while the 355th recently returned from its own deployment to Guam.<br /><br />Make sure to share this video with your friends!<br /><br />↦ VIDEO/THUMBNAIL : JUST ILLUSTRATION<br />↦ The title and thumbnail are just sweeteners, make sure you listen to the news carefully<br /><br />The massive Thanks to everyone for watching and all of your support!<br /><br />Recent Upload : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/zs7oeLu6_rA">https://youtu.be/zs7oeLu6_rA</a><br />Most Popular Video : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/5vTEJSj6iSA">https://youtu.be/5vTEJSj6iSA</a>{% endraw %}
