---
title: "How Effective Communication Can Save Lives in the Healthcare Settings"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/oTJs5LJ4YKU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "oTJs5LJ4YKU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["communication","communication in nhs","nhs communication with patients"]
date: "2022-02-15T17:59:31+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-01-18T15:00:18Z"
duration: "PT6M31S"
viewcount: "9451"
likeCount: "125"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Talent and Skills HuB"
---
{% raw %}This video explains How Effective Communication Can Save Lives in the Healthcare Settings. <br />Effective communication in healthcare is key to the successful running of daily operations. No matter the role you play, effective communication, or communication in healthcare, or effective communication in nursing, or removing communication barriers in healthcare, will make significant impact in the team communication and smoothens operations. <br /><br />Every person is important in the healthcare field and every person is responsible for possessing effective communication in the nhs. This is because effective communication skills, audio interpreting for healthcare settings, communication in nursing, strong communication skills or open and direct communication can save the day or a life.<br /><br />Illness — acute or chronic — or injuries can interrupt life dramatically. The rise and fall of emotions in reaction to an illness, injury, or surgery can create instability, numbness, and a sense of hopelessness. For example, a cancer diagnosis can take a person through dozens of emotions in a single minute. Fear of the unknown, loss of control, confusion, grief, anger, depression, and anxiety can hit hard. Who will be there to help this person during this surreal and scary time? The healthcare professional. <br /><br />Hence, as a healthcare professional, your communication skills need to be stellar and a top priority. Good communication skills are required by all healthcare professionals, not just by the social workers and psychologists. Active listening, responding appropriately to patient’s needs and concerns, properly assessing body language, and possessing a non-judgmental attitude are all necessary skills that healthcare workers need to possess. The importance of communication in the healthcare industry can help prevent injuries and death, increase trust between the patient and the caregiver, and strengthen relationships with other staff members. <br /><br />This video will discuss how communication can save lives in healthcare and increase success on the job by revealing some best practices to be implemented, which includes Plan for Different Personalities, Be Empathetic, Using Active Listening Skills, Taking Notes, Being Direct, Clear, and Open etc. Watch the video for detail. <br /><br />▶ABOUT TALENT AND SKILLS HUB<br />We believe that every individual is born with skills, talents, and affinities, and that when nurtured with supportive tools in an optimal environment, these capabilities can be developed to achieve excellence and create further opportunities.<br /><br />▶If you want to start a business you love or develop Your Dream Career, you can contact us to guide you on How To Plan, Design and Launch Your Dream Career or Business WITHOUT Wasting Time or Money<br /><br />▶Our goal for you is that you will know the exact steps you need to take to actualise Your Dream. Therefore, we create an environment that supports you to achieve Dreams.<br /><br />▶Support this Channel by Subscribing to it and receive further video updates  <br /><br />▶SOCIAL MEDIA<br />Facebook: @TshubEnablingEnvironement <br />Instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/talentandskillshub/">https://www.instagram.com/talentandskillshub/</a><br /><br />▶BUSINESS INQUIRIES &amp; FURTHER SUPPORTS<br />Email: contactus@ts-hub.com<br />Website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://ts-hub.com">http://ts-hub.com</a><br /><br />#Effectivecommunicationinhealthcare #effectivecommunicationinnursing #communicationinnhs <br />#communicationinhealthcare<br />#videointerpretingforhealthcaresettings  #healthcare #interpreting #healthcareprofessionals{% endraw %}
