---
title: "Avanti Nagral - Give Up (Official Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/mLMTodz_8dU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "mLMTodz_8dU"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["music","music video","vydia"]
date: "2022-05-16T02:36:27+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-14T05:30:09Z"
duration: "PT4M41S"
viewcount: "63530"
likeCount: "7099"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "AvantiNagralVEVO"
---
{% raw %}Inspired by the unexpected break up of Avanti’s 6-year relationship, “Give Up” explores the rumination of self-worth after loss.<br /><br />Stream &quot;Give Up&quot; here: smarturl.it/AN_GiveUp<br /><br />Subscribe here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/subavantinagral">http://bit.ly/subavantinagral</a><br /><br />Song Credits -<br />Songwriters: Avanti Nagral, Natania Lalwani<br />Music Producer: Austin Armstrong<br />Mixing/Mastering Engineer: Bhushan Govilkar<br /><br />Video Credits -<br />Artist: Avanti Nagral<br />Director: Devansh Mehta, Gopi Vadsak<br />DOP: Devansh Mehta<br />Creative Director: Brinelle D'mello<br />Executive Producers: Brinelle D'mello, Jashima Wadehra<br />Special Thanks: Shubham Agarwal, Abhinav Dixit<br />Hair/Makeup: Bintti Bathijaa<br />Location: The DreamSpace Studio<br />Production House: Golden Milk Media, TanCat Studios<br />Artwork: Gopi Vadsak<br /><br />#giveup #avantinagral #heartbreak<br />___________________________________________<br />Give Up Lyrics:<br /><br />[verse]<br />I’m livid<br />Never could predict it<br />It’s like all your words are scripted<br />What movie are we in right now?<br /><br />I’m listening<br />But baby are you kidding<br />Don’t tell me that you’re quitting<br />We can figure this thing out<br /><br />[prechorus]<br />I am staring at your blue eyes<br />Looking at a stranger<br />For the first time<br />Oh Woah<br /><br />[chorus]<br />Are you just gonna give up, and give up, and give up<br />something beautiful?<br />Not live up, not live up, to what I thought<br />was unbreakable?<br />But you’re breaking us down with your reasons<br />Throwing us out, you don’t mean it<br />Are you gonna give up, and give up, and give up<br />something beautiful today?<br /><br />[post chorus]<br />ooh ooh ooh (x2)<br /><br />[verse]<br />This morning<br />I woke up to a text from<br />Your mom cause she was planning<br />What we’re going to do next week<br /><br />No warning<br />You don’t even know what you wanted<br />You’re crying and you're stalling<br />Wiping tears off my cheek<br /><br />[prechorus]<br />I am staring at your blue eyes<br />Looking at a stranger<br />For the first time<br />Oh Woah<br /><br />[chorus]<br />Are you just gonna give up, and give up, and give up<br />something beautiful?<br />Not live up, not live up, to what I thought<br />was unbreakable?<br />But you’re breaking us down with your reasons<br />Throwing us out, you don’t mean it<br />Are you gonna give up, and give up, and give up<br />something beautiful today?<br /><br />[post chorus]<br />ooh ooh ooh (x2)<br /><br />[bridge]<br />Are you really gonna move on?<br />Are 5 years coming undone?<br />Is this our last song?<br /><br />[breakdown]<br />Are you just gonna give up, and give up, and give up<br />something beautiful?<br />And give up, and give up<br />and give up?<br /><br />[chorus]<br />Are you just gonna give up, and give up, and give up<br />something beautiful?<br />Not live up, not live up, to what I thought<br />was unbreakable?<br />But you’re breaking us down with your reasons<br />Throwing us out, you don’t mean it<br />Are you gonna give up, and give up, and give up<br />something beautiful today?<br /><br />[post chorus]<br />ooh ooh ooh (x2)<br /><br />Copyright (C) 2022 Avanti Nagral.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://vevo.ly/2b0glq">http://vevo.ly/2b0glq</a>{% endraw %}
