---
title: "SuperFunctional Training 2.0 - Launch Trailer"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/02IJWnxlKLE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "02IJWnxlKLE"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["functional training","training program","online training program"]
date: "2022-02-19T22:05:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-19T17:00:00Z"
duration: "PT2M5S"
viewcount: "3632"
likeCount: "709"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Bioneer"
---
{% raw %}Get SuperFunctional Training 2.0: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.thebioneer.com/product/sft2/">https://www.thebioneer.com/product/sft2/</a><br /><br />That's right guys, SuperFunctional Training 2.0: The Protean Performance System is out now! It's also available at a special launch discount, so grab it now for the best deal.<br /><br />SuperFunctional Training 2.0 is the &quot;sequel&quot; to SuperFunctional Training. This is an entirely new eBook and entirely new training program. Only this time, you also get over 2 hours of instructional videos to talk you through every movement. I'll show you how to perform each exercise, what the benefits are, and how to adapt them for your own goals. If you enjoy my usual Bioneer content on YouTube, it's kind of like that but feature-length...<br /><br />This time around, the training program has been designed to be more streamlined and efficient as compared with the old one. This is a simple routine that is highly adaptable to match your level and goals.<br /><br />No specialist equipment is needed (the only must-haves are dumbbells and a pull-up bar), and it's suitable for everyone from complete beginners to professional athletes. If you can't do a single push up, you'll be able to perform push ups on your knees or against a wall. Conversely, advanced trainees will be performing weighted push ups, planche push ups, explosive push ups, and more. <br /><br />As before, the goal of SuperFunctional Training 2.0 is to train &quot;for everything&quot; at once. A well-rounded fitness profile, in my opinion, should include every aspect of health and performance. And that *includes* cognitive performance. <br /><br />That means strength, speed, stamina, mobility, pain-free movement, agility, focus, reflexes, problem solving, energy, balance, proprioception, and more. <br /><br />If you've previously wished you were a little bit stronger, that you could jump higher, that you could touch your toes, but you don't know where to start... this program should have you covered. <br /><br />Will you progress a little slower in each area than you would do with a dedicated program? Sure. But I believe this is MORE than a worthwhile trade-off. Specialization in training only makes sense for professional athletes.<br /><br />And with the comprehensive, 80+ page eBook, you'll gain the in-depth knowledge to integrate these concepts and ideas into your own training. The eBook represents all my most up-to-date knowledge and research and is an extreme deep-dive into human performance and how to optimize it.<br /><br />The video course is available through The Bioneer website. The PDF eBook and training plan are available to download, along with printer-friendly versions of each. <br /><br />This is over a year's worth of work. My aim: to provide the most complete exploration of human performance possible. <br /><br />This is not your final form. <br /><br /><br />Also: a MASSIVE thanks to Grant Stevens for editing this epic video! It's more hype than most Hollywood trailers!<br /><br />As always, be sure to check out his channel over at: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/grantstevensma">https://www.youtube.com/grantstevensma</a>{% endraw %}
