---
title: "BANKRUPT! Donald Trump Offers To Help Vladimir Putin Bankruptcy Russia!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/772ZVrm0olc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "772ZVrm0olc"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Donald Trump","Trump","Melania Trump"]
date: "2022-03-19T02:32:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-17T20:00:05Z"
duration: "PT10M16S"
viewcount: "243"
likeCount: "9"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Trump Talk"
---
{% raw %}Donald J. Trump has confirmed that he has reached out to Vladimir Putin to assist Russia in filing for bankruptcy. Why will he assist the Russian? Is Trump in one way or the other connected to Russia? <br /><br />Welcome to our channel where you get the latest and most effective political and celebrity updates. In today's video, we are discussing how Trump Offers to Help Russia File for Bankruptcy. Kindly stay tuned to the end of this video as we'll also gist you numerous connections that Trump has with the Russians. Thanks <br /><br /> Trump said that bankruptcy was &quot;quite frankly&quot; Putin's only option because the Russian economy was &quot;in very, very bad, terrible shape&quot; as a result of Western sanctions.<br />&quot;The first time you file for bankruptcy is terrifying,&quot; Trump said. &quot;But after five or six times, it's the simplest and most beautiful thing in the world.&quot; &quot;The first thing Putin should do is stop paying his bills,&quot; Trump said, &quot;and that's something I can show him how to do.&quot;<br />The former President also offered to send his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to Moscow to advise the Russian Federation on its financial situation. Trump boasted, &quot;No one can get you into bankruptcy faster than Jared.&quot;<br /><br />Let’s check out Donald Trump's Numerous Ties to Russia. Don't forget to smash the like and subscribe buttons. Thanks<br /><br />Since late May, Russian intelligence agencies have allegedly hacked into four American organizations linked to either the Democratic Party or Hillary Clinton. They all appear to be geared toward Trump's presidential aspirations in some fashion.<br />It was Trump's response when asked about the relationship between this and his admiration for Vladimir Putin that made the most sense to me. As soon as Wiki Leaks released its email dump of Democratic National Committee emails, Trump tweeted, &quot;I have ZERO investments in Russia&quot; in response to this apparent hack of the DNC and subsequent nomination of Hillary Clinton as the Democratic Party's 2016 presidential candidate.<br /><br />According to Trump's own words, the Russian president has long lusted after a Trump Tower in Moscow but has come up empty-handed. This has been widely reported. When it comes to Putin, Trump's claim that he doesn't have any business interests in Russia is a classic magician's trick. While one hand is occupied, the other is inactive.<br /><br />Since the first hack of a Clinton-affiliated group occurred in late May or early June, several columnists and reporters have painstakingly shown that several of Trump's businesses outside of Russia are entangled with Russian financiers in Putin's inner circle.<br /><br />So, yes, Trump has failed to secure a Russian business deal. As a result of the Trump Organization's numerous bankruptcies, major American banks stopped lending him money, forcing him to look for alternative sources of funding. Russian financial interests have been raised eyebrows by a number of those who had direct ties to them. Even more concerning is the fact that a number of the president's closest advisers have ties to Russian companies or politicians.<br /><br />Max Boot wrote in the Los Angeles Times that &quot;the Trump-Russia links beneath the surface are even more extensive.&quot; In the wake of his multiple bankruptcies, Trump has sought and received financing from Russian investors for his business ventures.<br /><br />Boot, a former Op-Ed editor at the Wall Street Journal and current senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, wrote that three of Trump's top advisers all have extensive financial and business ties to Russian financiers.<br /><br />For years, Paul Manafort, Trump's de facto campaign manager, worked for Viktor Yanukovich, the Russian-backed Ukrainian president who was ousted in 2014. Russian oligarchs have also done business with Manafort. Even Trump's top foreign policy adviser, Carter Page, has ties to Gazprom, the Russian state-owned oil company. <br /><br />#Trump #DonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpPower #Leaked #Talks #President #Politics #Rumours<br />_<br />Hope you guys enjoy this!      <br />👉 If you enjoy this video, please like it and share it.      <br />👉 Don't forget to subscribe to this channel for more updates.    <br /><br />Thanks for watching! If you know someone who could use this video, share it with them!<br /><br />Tags:<br />Donald Trump, Trump, Melania Trump, Republican, DonaldJTrump, President, Make America Great Again, Politics, Real Estate, Net Power, Trump Power, Trump Tower, Stock Market Investments, Entertainment Media, lections, #metoo, Trumpism, Hotels, Entrepreneur, Truth Social, Sky News, Mexican Wall, Last Week Tonight, America, Joe Biden, Hillary Clinton, Vladimir Putin, Investor, Financials, Debate, White House, Capitol, Oval Office, Motivation, Speech, Foreign Policy, US Energy,  United States, YE<br /><br />► Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise.{% endraw %}
