---
title: "CRUNCHY ASMR *Cracks Everywhere TMJ Back Pain Relief for Athletic Spine."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Zx9C2x7X1b8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Zx9C2x7X1b8"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["crunchy","asmr","cracking"]
date: "2022-06-10T06:44:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-06-09T17:46:17Z"
duration: "PT34M59S"
viewcount: "32212"
likeCount: "1128"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Chiropractic Medicine"
---
{% raw %}Location Mechanicsburg, PA. <br />~ Condenser Microphone Cracks &amp; Crunches<br />~ Quiet Face Paper &amp; Quiet Office = ASMR<br />~ Mindfully Placed Ads ~ Relax<br />~ Chiropractic Sleep Time Remed<br /><br />It’s 7:30 am and this mornings yoga is a side ways sleeping child who has one foot in my airport and the other on my kidney. Apparently she’s having a dream about… walking her hardest <br /><br />I had a dream last night<br /><br />I was swimming in a pool with no water doing a reverse back stroke <br /><br />Then I was a mechanical jungle cat smoothie <br /><br />Orange was the new black and white <br /><br />Sometimes I dream of genies <br /><br />Sometimes the theme is hot dog weenies <br /><br />One time I got lost in a maize of corn<br /><br />Why do they call them apartments if they’re all stuck together? <br /><br />There is an electro magnetic field that surrounds you, generated by the heart, perhaps we can call it Aura. We communicate non verbally through the auric field. And you can grow or shrink your field/ Influence/ boundary / telepathy/ electric tooth brush charger…. Consciously<br /><br />Thoughts become words become actions, duh<br /><br />Meditation helps reduce the reaction, bru<br /><br />And with healthier reactions in life <br /><br />Your dream time has less strife<br /><br />Or in other words <br /><br />No nightmares <br /><br />No elm street <br /><br />No horrifically melting overwhelmed meat <br /><br />Ok <br /><br />Let’s get serious <br /><br />I did have a dream last night<br /><br />Truthfully just remembering it right now for this stream <br /><br />Dream stream <br /><br />Haha <br /><br />Shiz now I forgot it <br /><br />Oh yeah<br /><br />Bubbles<br /><br />And the beach houses <br /><br />I was getting a ride from a taxi cab driver on a sofa <br /><br />Cars were boats that could float <br /><br />Hehe. That’s silly goosebumps <br /><br />All boats float, ya goat <br /><br />No no no no no I’m not a goat<br /><br />But my oldest spawn just woke up without her sore throat <br /><br />Im a bull. Taurusss. Sus. aquaria if you’ve read this many lines with your eyes in a disguise of plastic French fries<br /><br />Oh you want more serious <br /><br />Love <br /><br />Like real for really real love <br /><br />Im disgusting the way I’m so trusting when the laughter is busting it keeps me from lusting<br /><br />Midnight crunchy moons <br /><br />2 am cya soons <br /><br />Sneak out the house barefoot driver <br /><br />Oh back to my dream house<br /><br />It’s for sale and I’m a buyer <br /><br />My horoscope said I should buy<br /><br />Do I live my life by this star reading guy<br /><br />Yeah, but only bc I think the stars are in control<br /><br />Or maybe the stars wake up and say “I wonder what my peoplescope is today” And they look at us through a microscope instead of a telescope. And whatever we’re doing down here makes them act differently up there <br /><br />Ugh. The bubbles. They were the best bubbles ever and I loved the beach unicorn. Unihorn? <br /><br />They say it’s not real poetry if it Rhymes <br /><br />Like anyone has the time to find consecutive lines that are kind of like pines, coned and boned that groan and moan on the phone to their loan, officer I offer her fabric softener which is often heard, amber, the slander is cat dander I’m allergic to his candor, and the manner of Bruce banner or hulk hogan wears bandaner<br /><br />Oh shiz <br /><br />I think one day I’ll walk into the office wearing the hulk hogan outfit, and I’ll rip off my shirt before I start ring dinging all the peoples <br /><br />We are like bubbles <br /><br />Bubbles are like planets <br /><br />Planets is spelled like plants <br /><br />Plants are used to spice meat<br /><br />They will soon try to feed everyone synthetic beef<br /><br />And I’m glad I’m a vegan <br /><br />Beegan actually, because I eat honey <br /><br />Oh and fish, bish<br /><br />1 fish 2 fish fun fish blue <br /><br />Seafoo too <br /><br />It’s delish boo <br /><br />Let’s get hish hoo <br /><br />Oh man 8am got to go, bus time ritual. 2nd to last day of school. I’ll be right back.<br /><br />.<br /><br />I have a beautiful mind Bc I’m kind <br /><br />And I help you unwind from the grind-er<br /><br />Don’t look behind, sir <br /><br />Untie from your bind-er?<br /><br />So this is not poetry <br /><br />But you know it’s me<br /><br />Can I go with thee <br /><br />When Jai grows for free <br /><br />No flow for a fee <br /><br />Male <br /><br />A stale pale of mail written in brail <br /><br />Feel it<br /><br />I’m a prostitute of words <br /><br />Terds, nerds and curbs<br /><br />Watch out now<br /><br />Beat Nuts wow<br /><br />It’s a porcupine growl<br /><br />Let’s get somethings to eat <br /><br />And other things to drink <br /><br />Molecules that wink <br /><br />When they swirl in the sink <br /><br />When they twirl in a kink <br /><br />Let’s unfurl with a link <br /><br />Let’s hurl like a mink <br /><br />Wet girls dressed in pink <br /><br />White pearls on the brink <br /><br />Are you still reading<br /><br />Don’t leave your will bleeding<br /><br />It’s a windowsill tweeting <br /><br />In the morning time when my dreams are deleting<br /><br />Ew that one hit me deep<br /><br />Time to reap what was sewed <br /><br />Good thing I’m no ho <br /><br />I sleep and I grow <br /><br />I weep when you go <br /><br />I keep ten in a row <br /><br />Numbers don’t lie, but they can’t tell the truth either, yo<br /><br />I’ve got a picture of a grey hair cat statue <br /><br />There are 31 letters in this sentence <br /><br />Sometimes I ask crows for help with Gatorade bottle vending machines <br /><br />Bananas come in packs where each banana is just a bit further along in the progression of ripeness<br /><br />So you don’t have to binge banana anymore <br /><br /> But you can, as always<br /><br />Know, in the deepest part of your heart awakening <br /><br />That I am thankful for you <br /><br />Thanks for watching, reading, breathing to CRUNCHY ASMR *Cracks Everywhere TMJ Back Pain Relief for Athletic Spine.<br /><br />5k{% endraw %}
