---
title: "Anti-Vax Folk Singer Dies After Intentionally Catching COVID"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_vCttwFDxwQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_vCttwFDxwQ"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Farron Cousins","News","Politics"]
date: "2022-01-21T07:42:57+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-20T15:00:32Z"
duration: "PT4M26S"
viewcount: "73572"
likeCount: "6825"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Farron Balanced"
---
{% raw %}A popular anti-vax folk singer in Europe has died after intentionally catching COVID. She refused to get the vaccine, but in order to play in certain venues she either had to show proof of vaccination or proof of recovery. Her vaccinated husband and son had the virus, so she opted to take her chances with that instead of the vaccine. It didn't end well for her or her family, and Farron Cousins explains why people need to start learning from the mistakes of others.<br /><br />Link - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.thedailybeast.com/czech-folk-singer-hana-horka-got-covid-19-on-purposenow-shes-dead?ref=home">https://www.thedailybeast.com/czech-folk-singer-hana-horka-got-covid-19-on-purposenow-shes-dead?ref=home</a><br /><br />Don't forget to like, comment, and share! And subscribe to stay connected!<br /><br />Connect with Farron on Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/farronbalanced">https://twitter.com/farronbalanced</a><br /><br />*This transcript was auto-generated. Please excuse any typos.<br /><br />A popular folk musician in the Czech Republic over in Europe has died from COVID after intentionally catching COVID so that she could continue to perform with her band. This individual, uh, ha, and a HCA was an anti-vaxer. Did not wanna get that vaccine refused to get it, but throughout most of Europe, they have rules saying you cannot come into these venues unless you have either one proof of vaccination or two proof that you recovered from the virus. So you have natural an bodies. And Ms. HKA decided she would rather take her chances with the virus than with the vaccine. So when her fully vaccinated husband and son came down with COVID mild COVID cuz they were vaccinated. She decided to catch it from them intent, exposing herself so that she could catch it, get over it, show proof of recovery and go back on tour with the band. <br /><br />Didn't work out like that. She died. Two days before she died. She posted on social media. Um, I survived. It was intense. So now there will be the theater sauna, a concert and an urgent trip to the sea. And of course the true irony here is that you could have already been doing all of that. Had you just gotten vaccinated. That's all you had to do. That's all you had. Do your husband lost his wife, son lost his mother. The family is grieving right now because of the stupid decision from this individual who thought to herself, actually not even thought to herself, thought out loud, I'm better off catching COVID than spending 15 minutes getting a shot and waiting to see if there's any quick adverse reactions. <br /><br />It didn't go. Well. I tell these stories, not the Glo. I tell them because these need to be wake up, call to the anti-vaxers out there. The people who think oh, natural immunity is so much better. COVID O's no different than a cold or the flu. No, it's deadly. It is 100% deadly and it's probably even more deadly for us over here in America because we don't have such great healthcare. Don't have universal coverage. There's millions of people walking around in this country right now with comorbidities and they don't know it. You know, because they <br /><br />Can't afford preventative medicine. You may not know what's happening in your own body. You may think, listen, I'm a healthy person. I can survive. COVID no problem there. Maybe you're right. Are you willing to literally gamble your life on that? As opposed to going of the nearest drug store? Hell even supermarkets at this point, getting a shot, like I said, sit there 15 minutes so they can check you for any immediate adverse reactions and going on your way. Yeah. You can have some side effects from the shots. Some people have reported flu-like symptoms that can last up to two days and then they're fine. with COVID we're probably gonna hit a million Americans dead within the coming few months. Don't be part of that. Don't be one of those numbers. Don't become that statistic. You have a choice, use stories like this, even if it's not an American, this is over in Europe. It doesn't matter. It's happening here too. Don't be like these individuals. Don't leave your family with a hole that can never be filled again. Do what you have to, to protect yourself and stop being selfish and stay Upid.{% endraw %}
