---
title: "LichtsinnRV.com - 2023 Winnebago Solis Powertrain, Safety and Cab Convenience Enhancements"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/6ESuPqiZWi4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "6ESuPqiZWi4"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["motorhome","Winnebago","rvs"]
date: "2022-05-06T06:06:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-05T21:38:42Z"
duration: "PT6M30S"
viewcount: "165"
likeCount: "12"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Lichtsinn RV"
---
{% raw %}<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.lichtsinn.com/new-rvs-for-sale?s=true&amp;brand=solis">https://www.lichtsinn.com/new-rvs-for-sale?s=true&amp;brand=solis</a><br /><br />LichtsinnRV.com - 2023 Winnebago Solis Powertrain, Safety and Cab Convenience Enhancements<br /><br />Winnebago camper vans based on the RAM Promaster chassis have been at the forefront of the vanlife revolution since their debut in 2014, and the all new RAM Promaster chassis now provides significant improvements to powertrain, safety and cab conveniences<br />Powertrain<br /><br />The next-generation 3.6-liter Pentastar V-6 engine is now paired to a segment-exclusive TorqueFlite nine-speed automatic transmission – a combination that generates 280 horsepower and 260 lb-ft. of torque while improving fuel economy up to 9% when compared to the previous powertrain.<br /><br />Unique transmission calibration allows for improved vehicle launch characteristics with smooth transfer between gears and enhanced fuel efficiency. Shift logic is adjusted according to grade steepness.<br /><br />Hydraulic steering is replaced by electric rack-and-pinion power steering. This allows for variable steering assistance and can even improve fuel economy.  A new electric rack-and-pinion power steering system has been calibrated to deliver a natural steering feel and allows for variable amounts of steering assistance to be applied. The electric power steering system features a turning diameter of 36.3 feet.<br /><br />The new Ram ProMaster® chassis now has an Electronic Park Brake. This new easy-to-use feature keeps the van in place when needed and automatically disengages when you shift the van into drive or reverse, and it will automatically apply if you happen to exit the van while it’s not in park.<br /><br />Stay safe and secure out there with Forward Collision Warning Plus. This feature protects you and others around you by sending audible and visual alerts to the cabin when there’s a potential obstacle or hazard in front of the van.  It also includes Pedestrian/Cyclist Emergency Braking<br /><br />Blind Spot Monitoring with Rear Cross Path Detection is designed to help avoid accidents on the road and when backing up. When vehicles enter the van’s blind spot zones, the driver is warned with a visual alert that helps them adjust their position accordingly.<br /><br />The digital rearview mirror displays video in real time in all driving modes from a rear-facing camera and can be turned off to revert back to a traditional reflective mirror. The digital rearview mirror is and provides an unobstructed rear view that enhances safety.<br />The ParkView® Rear Back-Up Camera in the Ram ProMaster® now comes with dynamic gridlines. These gridlines help guide the driver out of a busy area by outlining the van’s potential path, and they move as the wheel turns for accuracy. <br /><br />When parking in those tight spots, ParkSense® Front and Rear Park Assist provide visual and audible indications when the driver gets too close to a potential obstacle like another vehicle when parking in those tight spots for vanlifers. (59PX Only)<br /><br />Other standard safety features include<br />Drowsy Driver Detection<br />Traffic Sign Recognition<br />Multi–Collision and Post Collision Braking<br />Electronic Stability Control<br />Crosswind Assist<br />Electronic Roll Mitigation<br />Trailer Sway Damping<br />All–Speed Traction Control<br />Tire Pressure Monitoring Display<br />Intelligent Speed Assist<br /><br />The Uconnect 5 multimedia system is five times faster than the system it replaces, featuring Wi-Fi capability and up to five individual user profiles. A TFT 7 inch reconfigurable touchscreen displays are available featuring split-screen capability for dual application operation.<br /><br />In addition, seamless smartphone integration is available with Wireless Android Auto, and Apple CarPlay, and so is a wireless charging pad  (59PX Only) complemented by two USB Type C ports.  The Ram ProMaster features two USB outlets (one fully functional, one charge-only) plus standard dual USB Type C ports that allow devices to charge up to four times faster.  <br /><br />The new ProMaster features a 3 1/2 inch (Solis 36A &amp; 59P),  7 inch (Solis 59PX) full color driver information display in the instrument cluster where fuel gauge and digital coolant temperature display are strategically placed for easy reference while driving. The display is customizable to showcase preset information of the driver’s choice. <br /><br />ProMaster’s interior boasts push-button start, passive keyless entry for all doors and a new leather-wrapped steering wheel with enhanced hand grips. Ram Commercial’s interior designers also updated the steering wheel with electronic system control capability for the shifter, air vents and incorporated redundant HVAC controls.{% endraw %}
