---
title: "Best Webhosting Providers in 2022 🎯"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/J-_p9-femvw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "J-_p9-femvw"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["best webhosting providers","best web hosting","best wordpress hosting"]
date: "2022-04-24T10:45:51+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-22T06:38:03Z"
duration: "PT9M25S"
viewcount: "849"
likeCount: "31"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Site Starters"
---
{% raw %}🧨Best Webhosting Providers in 2022🎯<br />1️⃣ 👉 Get Bluehost at $2.95/mo ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3Foli38">https://bit.ly/3Foli38</a><br />     📖 Read Bluehost Review ➜<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sitestarters.net/bluehost-review/">https://sitestarters.net/bluehost-review/</a><br />2️⃣ 👉 Get Hostinger SAVE 90% off! ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3u4PoUM">https://bit.ly/3u4PoUM</a> <br />     📖 Read Hostinger Review ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sitestarters.net/hostinger-review/">https://sitestarters.net/hostinger-review/</a><br />3️⃣ 👉 Get HOSTGATOR ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3MUdD0i">https://bit.ly/3MUdD0i</a><br />     📖 Read Hostgator Review ➜<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sitestarters.net/hostgator-review/">https://sitestarters.net/hostgator-review/</a><br />▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬<br /><br />Here are my favorite web hosting providers. These providers will accommodate to most website of varying budgets and scalability.<br /><br />How's it going, everybody? Welcome back. And today we're going to be talking about the three best web hosting providers. And these will be Bluehost hosting or in Hostgator. So before we get if you guys are interested in any of these web hosting providers, and finally, it's the pricing and discounts as well as for reuse on the description down below, I know it can be hard to pick the best web hosts for your website. So I've done quite a bit of research and my number one recommendation is going to be Bluehost. Although hosting or comes in a close second with Hostgator hot on its heels. And since there are many web hosting providers out there, I decided to look into 12 of the best web hosting providers and I've narrowed it down to these three. So let's start with Bluehost, which is the best overall hosting provider and Bluehost plans are going to be the basic plus choice plus an E commerce. Now the basic one will give you 50 gigabytes of SSD storage meanwhile, the others will give you unlimited SSD storage signing up gets you a free domain free backups and access to the cPanel which if you just click right here, and I'm signed in, if I click Advanced, I'll get access to the cPanel which will look a little something like this. So as you can tell, very user friendly and it's super easy to navigate, everything is very clean, quite a bit easy to use, and very handy for managing your site hosting. It's fully optimized for WordPress websites and has been recommended by WordPress itself since 2005. Now if you're running an online store, you can go to WooCommerce right here and the WooCommerce hosting plans are definitely quite a bit hard to beat. They automatically install an E commerce theme for you. They're optimized specifically for selling online via WordPress is WooCommerce plugin and come with one click installations of payment processing tools, making it super easy to just operate and get things done and have your e commerce website up and running in little to no time especially the Bluehost offers 24/7 phone, live chat and email support. And I've tested it myself and found that the live chat assistants were quick to respond with the information that I needed. And they do have United States specific phone support as well as international phone support. So it's just wonderful overall. And I think the phone support team is just probably one of the best phone support you could ever get. And they are so good at holding your hand through everything in trying to get your website up and running as quickly as possible. Bluehost is a fantastic option if you're looking to integrate with a WordPress site, especially with its free WordPress migration service. Once you've signed up to a plan Bluehost in house team review your site and if it meets their criteria, then they'll transfer your existing site to Bluehost for you free of charge and Bluehost professional migration service usually costs $150 for up to five sites. So having your WordPress site migrated free of charge for the first time is a real steal. It's safe, it's quick, it's easy, and it's free. Bluehost is ideal for WordPress sites too. It's optimized for WordPress since 2014, and offers a very easy one click setup now Bluehost offers excellent value for your money. The shared web hosting will start at 295 a month and renews at 799 per month the same pricing will apply to the shared WordPress hosting, I would personally go with the choice Plus plan since you get a whole lot more benefits and the basic plan for not much more than a few bucks, though it will renew at the regular rate. So if you want to make sure you get the cheapest pricing possible, you want to go with the 36 month plan right here which will give you the best discount. Thank you guys very much for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Have a wonderful day.<br /><br />- DISCLOSURE -<br /><br />I am affiliated, but not sponsored by any VPN provider. This means I might make money when you purchase paid services through the links provided and I might be able to offer discounts when available. Not being sponsored allows me to keep my own opinions and provide reviews and tutorials without bias. So, if you enjoyed the content consider using my affiliate links. All of my opinions on this channel are always my own!<br /><br />Hope you enjoyed my Best Webhosting Providers in 2022 Video.<br /><br />#BestWebHostingProviders<br />#WebHostingProviders{% endraw %}
