---
title: "The Importance of Ilm"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/omCrhcnl8o8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "omCrhcnl8o8"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Importance"]
date: "2022-01-13T19:07:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-12T07:49:51Z"
duration: "PT1H3M20S"
viewcount: "27"
likeCount: "2"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Baaqiyaatus Saalihaat"
---
{% raw %}﷽<br /><br />A discussion from time immemorial: What makes Man أَشْرَفُ المَخْلُوْقَاتِ (the best of creation)? <br /><br />Qur’aan testifies to this fact: <br />وَلَقَدْ كَرَّمْنَا بَنِي آدَمَ وَحَمَلْنَاهُمْ فِي الْبَرِّ وَالْبَحْرِ وَرَزَقْنَاهُمْ مِنَ الطَّيِّبَاتِ وَفَضَّلْنَاهُمْ عَلَىٰ كَثِيرٍ مِمَّنْ خَلَقْنَا تَفْضِيلًا<br />We have honored Insaan, &amp; We have carried them on the lands &amp; the oceans, We have granted them sustenance from wholesome, pure things, &amp; We given them virtue over many of what We have created a tremendous virtue. - Surah Isra’ ayah ۷۰<br /><br />أَلَمْ تَرَوْا أَنَّ اللَّهَ سَخَّرَ لَكُمْ مَا فِي السَّمَاوَاتِ وَمَا فِي الْأَرْضِ وَأَسْبَغَ عَلَيْكُمْ نِعَمَهُ ظَاهِرَةً وَبَاطِنَةً ۗ<br />Don’t you see that Allahﷻ has made subservient for you everything in the skies &amp; the earth, &amp; He has completed His favors upon you, outward &amp; inward. - Surah Luqmaan ayah ۲۰<br /><br />So everything Allahﷻ has created for Man’s subservience. Allahﷻ has given Insaan the ability to administrate, to organize, which you will not find in the other animals. Now the question still, that we accept whether through Mahsoosaat, our perception, through Aql &amp; through Da’wah (claim) of Shariah that Insaan is Afdhal. What is the primary thing that makes Insaan Afdhal? <br /><br />Philosophers from time immemorial have said that Insaan has one substance which other things do not have, &amp; that is Aql, but if you look at this argument that philosophers have put forward as to why Insaan is Ashraful Makhlooqaat, there are certain doubts that arise. Is Insaan the most superior of creation because of his Aql alone, because we accept that every creation of Allahﷻ has some level of intelligence. <br /><br />So Aql in itself is not the primary reason for Insaan being the best of creation. <br />Other philosophers are of the viewpoint that it is not Aql that makes Insaan superior, rather it is Ilm. In a sense, this statement is also correct, but if you look at it deeply there are also questions that arise from this statement as well, because creations other than Insaan have also been given Ilm! Qur’aan Kareem says, <br /><br />كُلٌّ قَدْ عَلِمَ صَلَاتَهُ وَتَسْبِيحَهُ ۗ وَاللَّهُ عَلِيمٌ بِمَا يَفْعَلُونَ<br />Every creation, each one knows its Salaah &amp; Tasbeeh. -Surah Noor ayah ۴۱<br /><br />Qur’aan by mentioning the above ayah attributes Ilm to every living creature. Shah Rafiuddin Saheb(r.a) has mentioned under the explanation of this Ayah that, “Every creation of Allahﷻ engages in the most superior of Ibaadat, which is Salaah.” (The trees in perpetual Qiyaam, reptiles &amp; crustaceans are in a perpetual state of Sajdah, mountains are in a perpetual state of Qu’ood (sitting), the celestial bodies in constant movement). <br /><br />Now my question comes, then what unique feature is there in Insaan?<br /><br />INTIQAALE ULOOM (TRANSFER OF KNOWLEDGE) <br />The thing that makes Insaan different is Intiqaale Uloom, this transferring of knowledge, which none of the other creations possess. For this reason, you will not find a Madrasah amongst the elephants, amongst the deer, not even amongst the Jinnaat, who are Mukallaf. You will not even find a Madrasah amongst the Malaa’ikah, therefore when we have Ta’leem, the Angels come out of respect &amp; admiration of the thing that makes Insaan superior to all of them - this ability of transferrence of knowledge. This is the speciality of Insaan, &amp; one of the primary reasons why Insaan is the best of creation. <br />Without Ta’leem, Insaan &amp; the thing that makes Insaan superior will terminate, because then Insaan will become like every other creation.<br /><br />THE PURPOSE OF THIS KNOWLEDGE <br />True Ulamā will dispel the transformations of the extremists &amp; explanations of people of Baatil &amp; the interpretations of the ignorant.<br /><br />So this purpose of this knowledge &amp; transferral of it is to make A’baad, to make people that are subservient to Allahﷻ by and large, not to throng people around you, &amp; so that your greatness increases in the eyes of people. <br /><br />The entire purpose of this Ta’leem, Tadrees, is so those that teach become Rabbāni, because Allahﷻ has given you the most superior capability, i.e is Ilm &amp; ability of transferral of Ilm.<br /><br />TEACH YOUR STUDENTS TO MAKE TAUBAH <br />My appeal to you &amp; to myself first: <br />Todays day before any Dars, engage in tremendous amounts of Istighfaar &amp; Taubah, because when the slate is clean through the Barakaat of Istighfaar &amp; Taubah, then will we be able to imprint on this clean slate, but if the slate is soiled, then these things will just go over. You have not been created to carry on thinking about your sins, you should ponder over your sins from time to time so that it keeps you humble. The primary purpose of your creation is to think about Allahﷻ.<br />Oh Allahﷻ this holiday I spent in waste, even though outwardly I did A’maal but there are so many other things I don’t even regard as sins<br />The Akhassul Khawaas, their Taubah is from those moments of unmindfulness, forget sin!<br /><br />-Hadhrat Moulana Hoosein Loonat Saheb{% endraw %}
