---
title: "2022 - 3 XV Schools Cup - Semi-Final - RBAI v MCB - 2 Feb 2022"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/nqjxISQw7Xg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "nqjxISQw7Xg"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["Schools","Semi-Final"]
date: "2022-02-06T06:35:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-05T15:00:14Z"
duration: "PT35M29S"
viewcount: "295"
likeCount: "10"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Callumthereds"
---
{% raw %}Wednesday afternoon (2 Feb 2022) at Cranmore saw the two 3rd XV semi-finals being played on the two Cranmore pitches (RBAI Colts were playing Bangor Academy on the 1sts pitch). <br /><br />On the second pitch RBAI Thirds (or Seniors) hosted Methodist College Belfast (MCB). <br /><br />In the first half RBAI made more errors than their opposition - losing most of their line-outs, making handling errors and conceding penalties - therefore handing the ball to MCB. <br /><br />Methody showed some good work in the loose and at times they got their maul going - which alongside some decent lineouts - and RBAI conceding possession regularly - meant MCB dominated the first twenty minutes. <br /><br />Finally they made their pressure count as they scored a good try after moving the ball through some phases and then getting the ball to their right wing for a touchdown wide out for a 5-0 lead. <br /><br />RBAI continued to be lack the ability to put phases together and play largely took place around the halfway line.<br /><br />But then with ten minutes left in the half RBAI got a soft penalty it would have to be said and they decided to take a scrum. <br /><br />The scrum was proving to be the set piece where Inst did seem to have the advantage (MCB were definitely winning the lineout battle) and they took this option for the penalty.<br /><br />Inst turned the scrum nicely to take out the MCB back row defence and then they worked a nice backline move using the fullback coming in and then a skip pass to Clark Simpson on the wing for a fine try.<br /><br />A great touchline kick rom No 10 Ben Gray gave Inst the 7-5 advantage.   <br /><br />MCB again dominated possession in Inst's half for the next ten minutes. Good Inst defence kept them out for a while but finally pressure told and after some good rucking phases close to the try-line the MCB hooker Jamie Patterson finally pushed over. A fine conversion from the scrum half Tom Healy made the score 7-12. <br /><br />Just before half-time Inst were inside the MCB half and again they used a solid scrum as a base for a good backline move that moved to a ruck which was then blown up by the referee as the MCB No. 8 came in from the side. <br /><br />Inst No 10 Ben Gray converted the penalty to make it 10-12 as the referee blew for half-time.<br /><br />The first 20 minutes of the second half were a little like the the first in that there were a number of handling errors and penalties conceded making the game stop/start. <br /><br />In the middle of the half MCB did apply sustained pressure in the Inst half however a knock-on and a turnover stopped them putting enough phases together to score. <br /><br />It was following a MCB knock-on that from the scrum Inst ran a good backline to finally release the pressure in their half. <br /><br />A penalty on halfway allowed for a touchline kick, Inst won the line out and moved the ball - got another penalty and chose to kick for touch rather than go for 3 points. Would this gamble pay off? <br /><br />From 10 yards out Inst took a short line-out and then got another penalty for not releasing. Taking the tap the forwards rucked half a dozen times gradually getting closer to the line until the RBAi prop forced his way over.  <br /><br />From the kick-off MCB applied more pressure close to the RBAI line but Inst managed to keep them at bay and following a ripped turnover and a touchline kick - MCB won the line out but then knocked on. <br /><br />From the scrum Inst were able once again to release the pressure and work their way back down over the halfway line. Inst won a penalty, took the scrum but then lost possession for not releasing in the ruck. <br /><br />With just a couple of minutes or so to go MCB made a good kick for touch into the Inst 22. Having won their line out and getting a good maul going they made yards - but as the maul went to ground the referee blew for a MCB infraction. <br /><br />With time up the ball was kicked out and the game was over. Inst won 15-12 in a very close game.     <br /><br />RBAI 3s will now go on to play the RBAI Colts (5th years) in the final after the Colts defeated Bangor Academy 57-13. <br /><br />HD 720p{% endraw %}
