---
title: "SATAN HAS A WEAK POINT USE IT. PASTOR CHRIS OYAKHILOME TEACHING."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/41Nj4em1Knk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "41Nj4em1Knk"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["pastor chris oyakhilome","best of pastor chris","jesus is king"]
date: "2022-02-05T06:18:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-12T05:02:46Z"
duration: "PT11M32S"
viewcount: "175852"
likeCount: "3196"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "RHEMA NOW"
---
{% raw %}Kindly subscribe to RHEMA NOW for more anointed teachings of Pastor Chris Oyakhilome here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL5G3RkcW5_noBgzJlUYLGQ">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL5G3RkcW5_noBgzJlUYLGQ</a><br /><br />SATAN HAS A WEAK POINT USE IT. PASTOR CHRIS OYAKHILOME TEACHING.<br /><br />Kindly visit the Pastor Chris Digital Library App for the full messages from Pastor Chris Oyakhilome here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pcdl.co">https://pcdl.co</a><br />You can equally download the Pastor Chris Digital Library on Google Play Store and Apple App. <br /><br />ABOUT PASTOR CHRIS,<br />Pastor Chris Oyakhilome (D.Sc., D.D.), is the President of LoveWorld Inc. and of Christ Embassy. Being a Man sent from God and a unique minister of the gospel of Jesus Christ, his Spirit-filled and anointed leadership continues to propel a dynamic, multifaceted and global ministry.<br />Pastor Chris Oyakhilome was born into the family of Elder Tim Oyakhilome on December 7, 1961. Born and raised in Edo State, Nigeria, he is the eldest son of his parents. He attended Ambrose Ali University, Ekpoma in Edo State and also holds a PhD degree, Doctor Of Science(DSc),Doctor Of Divinity(DD).<br /><br />He is a dedicated minister of God's Word. His messages have brought the reality of the divine life to the hearts of many. Millions have been impacted by his television broadcast 'Atmosphere for Miracles,' his outreaches, crusades, magazines, as well as several books and audio-visual materials. His impact has led to the establishment of thousands of Christ Embassy churches worldwide, which minister the reality of the Word of God to their environs in its truth, simplicity and power. <br /><br />Christ Embassy is a global ministry with a vision of taking God’s divine presence to the nations of the world and to demonstrate the character of the Holy Spirit. This is achieved through every available means, as the Ministry is driven by a passion to see men and women all over the world, come to the knowledge of the divine life made available in Christ Jesus.<br /><br />Disclaimer:<br />Please note that RHEMA NOW is not affiliated with Pastor Chris Oyakhilome. These messages are shared because they are anointed teachings that have the capability of edifying the body of Christ.<br /><br />This video is originally developed by RHEMA NOW . <br /><br />This channel is for educational purposes only.<br /><br />RHEMA NOW does not own the rights to these images, videos and audio files. They have, in accordance with fair use, been repurposed with the intent of educating and motivate others<br />.<br />All video footage used including thumbnails is licensed under Creative Commons CC and Royalty-Free License Agreement. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://creativecommons.org">https://creativecommons.org</a><br /><br />License for background music:<br />YouTube Audio Library License<br />You’re free to use this audio track in any of your videos, including videos that you monetize.<br />No attribution is required.<br /><br />License for Images and video used in video production – Pexels License: Images and Videos on Pexels are made available under the Pexels License on the following terms: Under the Pexels License you are granted an irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, and royalty-free right to use, download, copy, modify or adapt the Images and Videos for commercial or non-commercial purposes. Attribution of the photographer or Pexels is not required but is always appreciated.<br /><br />Fair Use Disclaimer:<br />The purpose of making this video is to make an Educational and inspirational video that will add significant value to listeners.<br />Thus:<br />1) This video is transformative in nature.<br />2)This video is used for teaching purposes.<br />3)This video has no negative impact on the original works (It would actually be positive for them).<br />4) Only bits and pieces were used to adequately pass this teaching across.<br /><br />Copyright Disclaimer under section 107 of the Copyright Act of 1976, allowance is made for “fair use” for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, education and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.”<br /><br />All posted content is to add value and awareness to the viewers.<br />This video or audio has no negative impact on the original content<br /><br />#pastorchris<br />#pastorchrisoyakhilome<br />#pastorchrisoyakhilometeaching<br />#pastorchrishealingschool<br />#RHEMANOW<br />#Believersportal<br />#bestofchristianity{% endraw %}
