---
title: "CATACLYSMS: APRIL 16, 2022 earthquakes, wildfire, flooding, snow, natural disasters,news"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/X1D0vBf9-7U\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "X1D0vBf9-7U"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["CATACLYSMS","natural disasters","natural disaster"]
date: "2022-04-16T21:45:29+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-16T16:58:27Z"
duration: "PT9M"
viewcount: "307"
likeCount: "38"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "CATACLYSMS"
---
{% raw %}CATACLYSMS: APRIL 16, 2022 earthquakes, wildfire, flooding, snow, natural disasters,news<br />Manaus, Brazil – floods<br /><br />Heavy rains hit the city of Manaus, which is in the state of Amosanas. In just a few hours, part of the streets of the city went under water. The media reported one dead, 2 people are missing. <br />Arkansas, USA - tornado, hail storm<br /><br />The state of Arkansas is back in the spotlight. On the night of April 16, a hail storm hit it. The authorities have even issued an orange level warning as well as a tornado warning. <br /><br />Mississippi, USA - hail storm<br /><br />American states continue to be bombarded by hail storms. This time, the state of Mississippi was hit by the elements. Hailstones ranging in size from 2 centimeters in diameter to 5 have been noted in the city of Hattiesburg. It is located in Forrest County. The city of Hattiesburg was bombarded with hail for 15 minutes. <br />Cuba — tornado<br /><br />A tornado hit Cuba, which was assigned the category ef-1 on the Fujita scale. Residents of the city of San José de las Lajas, the capital of Mayabeque province, were surprised by this tornado, which formed in the afternoon and caused property damage to homes and businesses.<br /><br />Honduras - forest fires<br /> <br />Dozens of hectares of forest are burning in Honduras. In Triquilapa and on the hill of Cantagallo east of the capital of Honduras, 15 hectares of forest are burning, and the fire is growing. According to local media, the fire formed here on April 14th.<br /><br />Montana, USA – snowfall<br /><br />North Dakota was followed by a heavy April snowfall in Montana. The storm brought gusty winds and snow to the central and western parts of the state, resulting in power outages. <br /> <br />Tatarstan, Russia – flood<br /><br />The flood season has also reached Tararstan. To date, 30 household plots have been flooded by the growing flood in several villages such as Burunduki, Zimnyaya Gorka and Ekaterinovka. <br /><br /><br />Heat in India<br /><br />An unprecedented heat wave has arrived in India. The temperature in the northwest of the country reached 42 degrees Celsius. This is almost eight degrees above normal. For April, this temperature is an anomaly. People are dying from extreme heat. <br /><br />Florida, USA – floods<br /><br />Storms and tropical downpours hit the state of Florida. In Palm Beach County, this turned into a localized flood. Due to heavy rain in West Palma Beach, several streets were flooded. <br />The channel lists such natural disasters as:<br />1) Geological emergencies: Earthquake, volcanic eruption, mudflow, landslide, landfall, avalanche;<br />2) Hydrological emergencies:  Flood, Tsunami, Limnological catastrophe, floods, flooding;<br />3) Fires: Forest fire, Peat fire, Glass Fire, Wildfire;<br />4) Meteorological emergencies: Tornado, Cyclone, Blizzard, Hail, Drought, Hail, Hurricane, Storm, Thunderstorm, typhoon, Tempest, Lightning.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />If you find any improper use of your copyrighted content (videos, photos and music) in the video, please contact us by  e-mail specified in the &quot;about the channel&quot; tab.<br /><br /><br />ATTENTION: Video material is taken from social networks. It is selected by date of publication, title, description and location of the event. Sometimes, due to unscrupulous posting of news on social networks, the video may contain fragments that do not correspond to the date and place. It is not always possible to check their reliability. Thank you for your understanding.<br /><br /><br />In 2022, natural disasters have become more frequent. We are seeing climate change in many countries around the world. It is not yet known how 2022 will begin.<br /> #Thunderstorms #SevereWeather #StormDamage   #locust  #Hattiesburg #Manaus #Mayabeke #Arkansas #Triquilape #Montana #Florida #NorthDakota  #arkansas  #snowstorm    #landslide    #hurricane #wildfire#Inundacion #tornado #floods  #avalanche #winds​​  #hailstorm​​   ​​ #tormenta​​  #hailstorm​​ #locusts​​ ​ ​​ #accidents​​  #flooding​​ #hailstorm​​    #fire​​ ​​ #lluvias​​  #banjir​​   ​ #Chuva​​    ​​ ​   #earthquake​​ #storm{% endraw %}
