---
title: "How does the Easy Access Card Disneyland Paris work 🤔 Facility card or Orange card"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/4A4Uj_Z3FUM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "4A4Uj_Z3FUM"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["Disneyland Paris","Disneyland Parijs","EuroDisney"]
date: "2022-06-10T09:42:45+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-27T16:29:53Z"
duration: "PT10M21S"
viewcount: "3906"
likeCount: "194"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "SeeYouInMainstreet"
---
{% raw %}In today's video we tell you everything about the Easy Access Card (also known as Facility card).<br /><br />If you have a recognized long-term chronic illness, you can access our attractions more easily (but not immediately). When you show your Easy Access Card and the accompanying 'appointment booklet' at an attraction, we will give you a reserved time slot to enjoy the attraction. After you have used this reservation, you can reserve another attraction.<br /><br />To get your Easy Access Card you will need an original medical certificate in French or English, signed and stamped by a doctor and less than 3 months old, stating the long-term chronic illness and the number.<br /><br />Below you will find a list of conditions with which you can use the Easy Access Card / Facility Card. <br /><br />NB! If you have a disability certificate, you can request a Priority Card. This is a different card than the Facility Card/Easy Access card. The Priority Card gives you priority (but not immediate) access to attractions, shows, Selfies Spots, restaurants and boutique checkouts. Request your Priority Card when you arrive, or save time by requesting your card online 1 month before your visit! You must present an original document issued by the government or medical authority upon arrival to collect it. For a Priority Card a doctor's statement is not sufficient.<br /><br />#EasyAccessCard #FacilityCard #disneylandparis #DLP <br /><br />List of long-term chronic illnesses recognized by Disneyland Paris for the Facility Card: <br /><br />Disabling stroke.<br />Aplastic anemia and other chronic cytopenias.<br />Chronic arterial disease with ischemic manifestations.<br />Complicated bilharzia.<br />Severe heart failure, severe valvular heart disease, severe arrhythmias, severe congenital heart disease.<br />Chronic active liver disease and cirrhosis.<br />Severe primary immune deficiency requiring long-term treatment, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.<br />Diabetes type 1 and type 2.<br />Severe forms of neurological and muscle disorders (including myopathy), severe epilepsy.<br />Severe chronic constitutional and acquired hemoglobinopathies, hemolysis.<br />Severe haemophilia and constitutional haemostasis disorders.<br />Coronary heart disease.<br />Severe chronic respiratory failure.<br />leper.<br />Parkinson's disease.<br />Hereditary metabolic diseases that require long-term specialized treatment.<br />cystic fibrosis.<br />Severe chronic nephropathy and primary nephrotic syndrome.<br />paraplegia.<br />Polyarteritis nodosa, systemic lupus erythematosus, progressive generalized scleroderma.<br />Severe active rheumatoid arthritis.<br />Long-term psychiatric disorders.<br />Hemorrhagic rectocolitis and active Crohn's disease.<br />Multiple sclerosis.<br />Progressive structural scoliosis (angle equal to or greater than 25 degrees) to spinal column maturation.<br />Severe ankylosing spondylitis.<br />Consequences of an organ transplant.<br />Active tuberculosis.<br />Malignant tumor, malignancy of lymphoid or hematopoietic tissue.<br /><br /><br />Would you like to send us something? Here's our address:<br />Seeyouinmainstreet<br />Postbus (P.O Box) 8556<br />Meander 151<br />6825 MB Arnhem<br />Nederland (The Netherlands)<br /><br />Do you like our content and do you want to support the channel? Go to www.patreon.com/seeyouinmainstreet to give our channel a tip or become our Patreon and get exclusive access to podcasts. <br /><br />For business inquires please send an email to: seeyouinmainstreet@gmail.com <br /><br />You can also find us on:<br />Facebook: seeyouinmainstreet<br />Instagram: seeyouinmainstreet<br />Twitter: cuinmainstreet{% endraw %}
