---
title: "Russians Entered Ukrainian Artillery Range in the East"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Y5GJMJBQNn8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Y5GJMJBQNn8"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["ukraine","russia","ukraine news"]
date: "2022-06-04T21:19:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-06-04T14:30:11Z"
duration: "PT56S"
viewcount: "1208"
likeCount: "71"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Reporting from Ukraine"
---
{% raw %}I am a Ukrainian. My country has been invaded by Russia. In this video I will tell you what happened on the one hundredths day of the war.<br /><br />Day 100: June 03<br /><br />In the Kharkiv region, the situation is very unstable. After the Russians moved south and took 2 settlements to the west of Staryi Saltiv they put themselves virtually into an encirclement. This means that the state is transitional and another attack is eminent. If you recall the development on the map through time, you can notice that the Russians are not concerned too much with the north-western territories controlled by the Ukrainians, even though the Ukrainians here are very close to the border. The main Russian directions of attack consistently were Derhachi and Chuhuiv. This is because these two towns are very fortified and can serve both as a part of defense as well as a trampling for expansion. After the massive Ukrainian counterattack, the Russians became especially fearful of the Ukrainian expansion from Chuhuiv. If we look at the big map, we can see that Chuhuiv is right on top of the Russian stronghold Izyum. This means that if the Ukrainians strike, this will put in danger the whole Russian operation in the north-east. That is why the Russians are pushing in this direction, and that is why we can expect them to really focus on this area.<br /><br />In the north east, the Russians realized that they made a huge mistake. After the Russians assaulted the town of Sviatohirsk from the north-east, the Ukrainians quickly moved their forces to the southern part of this town that is located on a hill. The Russians took that as a sigh of retreat and started to proclaim their victory, however, they quickly realized how wrong they were. Even though the town became empty and seemingly free to take, the moment they attempted to enter it, they were decimated, because the Ukrainians can easily control their every move from the hill and precisely strike with their artillery. The Russian attack was quickly put on hold and the duel between the artillery began, but the Ukrainians continued to stay on top. The Russians realized that the only way to take this town is by attacking it from the south, so they resumed their attack on Bohorodychne. But even there they are still at a disadvantage, because they are attacking from the lowlands. So far every attack has been successfully repelled but the Russians in Bohorodychne continue to push, while the Russians to the north of Sviatohirsk are waiting for them and hoping that those in Bohorodychne will be able to clear the region. Simultaneously, the moment the Russians established their positions in the town of Lyman, the Ukrainians artillery in Raihorodok hit the Russian positions in Lyman so hard that they razed them to the ground. The Russian artillery also responded, so this region today was pure hell.<br /><br />In the east, a lot of thing are happening along the whole front line. The Russians increased the intensity of artillery strikes in the Lysychansk-Sieverodonetsk agglomeration. As they are running out of easy and abandoned targets, the they switch to passive bombing. The Ukrainian artillery is also working. As the Ukrainians here have the high ground, they control a huge area around the hills. This allows to hit the Russians quite easily. In the southern part of this region, the fights in Ustynivka and Toshkivka continue to take place. The Russians were forced to admit that even such a small fortified area as in Ustynivka proves to be too big of an impediment. The same concerns the southern part of the town of Zolote – the Russians here cannot push the front line further for more than a month, so, an encirclement from this direction is unsuccessful. Unfortunately, the Russians do have a progress to the west of Popasna. Because this area is basically a field with small unfortified villages, it is very hard for the Ukrainians to hold them off. The Russians almost took the village of Komushuvakha, they are attacking Vrubivka and today they started to attack Berestove and Mykolaivka. On the other hand, the Russians are entering the Lysychansk artillery range and this is where most of our artillery is located. As the front line is only around 15 km away from Lysychansk, it should be much more difficult for the Russians to advance. That is why we should expect the Ukrainians in Vrubivka to hold the defense, even though it is not a major Ukrainian stronghold.{% endraw %}
