---
title: "How To Host a Website With VPS Hosting - Cheapest Method! [2021]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/FTq092BXhK4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "FTq092BXhK4"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["how to create a website with vps hosting","vps hosting","cheap vps"]
date: "2022-02-28T00:29:17+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-04-14T14:00:06Z"
duration: "PT8M57S"
viewcount: "16609"
likeCount: "231"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Emit.Reviews"
---
{% raw %}In this video I'll show you how to create a website with VPS hosting and optimize everything to run on autopilot!<br />► ScalaHosting 50% OFF ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://emit.reviews/go/scalahosting-2021">https://emit.reviews/go/scalahosting-2021</a><br />►CODE ➜ emit2021 for an extra 10% OFF!<br /><br />Creating a website using your own virtual private server will help you get faster loading speed, have more control over your web hosting service and better utilize the resources you have. However, the tricky part used to be managing your VPS. However, since managed VPS services appeared this has become SIGNIFICANTLY easier. So in this video I'll go through the steps of setting up your website on a VPS and you'll be able to host your website with a VPS.<br /><br />► Chat with me On Discord ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://discord.gg/RFCramPpR5">https://discord.gg/RFCramPpR5</a><br /><br />TIME TABLE<br />00:00 - Intro<br />00:20 - Getting A Managed VPS<br />01:45 - Setting Up A VPS<br />03:40 - Nameserver Update<br />05:25 - Creating a WordPress Website<br />06:45 - Free SSL Certificate<br />07:05 - Free Professional Email<br />07:50 - Accessing Your Website<br /><br />The first thing I'll show you is how to get started with a managed VPS service called Scalahosting. The reason we're using a managed VPS over an unmanaged one is the fact that the price is almost the same. But with a managed VPS you're getting a control panel and a bunch of extra tools to properly take care of your server. And ScalaHosting is a high quality cheap VPS that also gives us a control panel free of charge. Basically, you can treat this video as a Scalahosting tutorial as well!<br /><br />Unmanaged VPS is a nightmare to work with and the couple of dollars you save is not worth it.<br /><br />Once you have an account with Scalahosting I'll go over on how to set up your VPS. Because in essence you've just bought a virtual computer you still need to create the proper access files and allocate the resource that you'll use for your website.<br /><br />Once that's done I'll go over the most interesting parts, like how to create a WordPress website on your newly bought VPS. Not only that, I'll also show you a proper way of securing and encrypting your website for free and how to create a professional email address.<br /><br />All in all, after this tutorial you should have a professionally set up virtual private server with your wordpress website on it. The advantage of using a VPS over shared hosting is huge and you can get significantly better performance, security and control.<br /><br />- DISCLOSURE -<br /><br />I am affiliated, but not sponsored by any hosting provider. This means I might make money when you purchase hosting services through the links provided and I might be able to offer discounts when available. All of my opinions on this channel are always mine!<br /><br />#vpshosting #vpstutorial #HowToHostOnVPS{% endraw %}
