---
title: "TOP 10 AFRICAN COUNTRIES WITH POWERFUL MILITARY RANKS"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/JGT1YtLpIcI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "JGT1YtLpIcI"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["As a matter of fact","military ranks","military insignia"]
date: "2022-02-27T05:39:34+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-20T23:00:55Z"
duration: "PT10M54S"
viewcount: "3476"
likeCount: "44"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "As a matter of fact"
---
{% raw %}TOP 10 COUNTRIES WITH POWERFUL MILITARY RANKS IN AFRICA<br /><br />There are countries in Africa when are more than the total number of other military men . The criteria through which someone is given a military rank depends on the host country and this has created more quack officers than genuine.<br />Most of the highly decorated officers do not earn ranks on merit but rather on connections.<br /><br />Its widely accepted that a good military officer should be educated, trained and battle hardened but this is not largely the case on the African continent and that's why, Its only Africa with the highest number of field martial ever.<br /><br />This is because there is no benchmark for appointments and promotions. South Sudan tops the list of quack officers with literally 40  of the entire army at the rank of general.<br /><br />Today we opt to look at the top  10 countries with most powerful military ranks in Africa<br /><br />10 Ghana<br />Ghana is one of the few African countries whose military ranks are highly recognized at the continent and beyond. There are 10 ranks for the officers in the Ghana army. The highest rank, which is also the overall highest rank is General while the lowest being second lieutenant<br /> <br />9 Kenya<br />There are ten ranks in the Kenya Defense Forces. Members of the Defense Forces are guided by unmatched discipline and respect depending on the rank of an officer. KDF comprises of three sister services, namely Kenya Army, Kenya Air Force and Kenya Navy.<br />The highest rank in the KDF is a general and at one given time, Kenya only has 1 4star general who serves as the chief of Defense forces and takes a lot of qualities to qualify to be promoted to the highest rank <br />One must have been trained in Defense Staff College to qualify for promotion to the rank of Colonel. These are officers who can be in charge of up to 600 troops. Officers holding the rank must have served up to eight years<br /><br />8 Botswana<br />For 2022, Botswana is ranked 107 of 140 out of the countries considered for the annual GFP review.<br />Unlike the countries we have seen above, There are 13 enlisted Army ranks in Botswana. They include private, private second class, private first class, specialist, corporal, sergeant, staff sergeant, sergeant first class, master sergeant, first sergeant, sergeant major, command sergeant major and sergeant major of the Army.<br />7 Tanzania<br />The Tanzania People’s Defense Force is the armed forces of the United Republic of Tanzania. It was established in September 1964, following a mutiny by the former colonial military force, the Tanganyika Rifles <br />For 2022, Tanzania is ranked 113 of 140 out of the countries considered for the annual GFP review and is considered relatively strong in the region ranking behind Kenya in number 12 and Uganda on number 15 respectively and sits 24th on the continent.<br /> Tanzania is considered to be one of the strongest armies  in the region of east and central Africa and its army ranks are among the most powerful military ranks in Africa.<br />6 Uganda<br />Uganda is one of the top countries in Africa whose military ranks are believed to be very powerful despite confrontations by the citizens on how ranks are warded which has arise due to political intentions. <br />The Military ranks of Uganda are the military insignia used by the Uganda People’s Defense Force. Being a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, Uganda shares a rank structure similar to that of the United Kingdom. <br />Uganda has 8 military officers at the rank of full general and these are, Yoweri Museveni, Katumba Wamala, Kale Kayihura, Gen Sejjusa, Jeje Odong, Moses Ali, Salim Sally and  Elly Tumwine.<br />5 Nigeria<br />Nigeria is one other country in Africa whose military ranks are highly recognized on the continent and across the world with relatively a large number of full generals due to the size of the population. <br />Attaining a military rank in Nigeria is not a walkover.<br />4 Libya<br />It also thought that Libya has one of the highly decorated officers whose military ranks are respected worldwide. While there were some sort of self awarding due to the collapse of the system during the war, the country is steadily returning to its old glory and could soon regain its position in different aspects.<br />3 Morocco<br />The Military ranks of Morocco are the military insignia used by the Royal Moroccan Armed Forces. Being a former colony of France, Morocco shares a military rank structure similar to that of France.<br />2 Egypt<br />The Military ranks of Egypt are the military insignia used by the Egyptian Armed Forces. Due to Egypt formerly being under the control of the British Empire, Egypt has a rank structure influenced by the United Kingdom.<br />1 South Africa<br />South Africa is believed to have the most powerful ranks in Africa that are recorgnized on the continent and the entire world. <br />#militaryranks#militaryinsignia#rayalmoroccanarmy#UPDF#KDF#Tanzaniaarmy#libyaforces#powerfulmilitaryranksinafrica#insignia#botswana#uganda#kenya#southafrica#libya#egypt#morocco#tanzania{% endraw %}
