---
title: "Make Him Afraid To Lose You - Relationship Subliminal + Powerful Background Booster Affirmations"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/8YBicD_CCXg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "8YBicD_CCXg"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["make him worry about losing you","subliminal","affirmations"]
date: "2022-01-28T10:58:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-04-17T08:26:06Z"
duration: "PT5M37S"
viewcount: "681309"
likeCount: "7684"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Mark Reynolds Subliminals"
---
{% raw %}Make Him Afraid To Lose You Subliminal. Positive Relationship Affirmations To Empower Your Relationship.<br />#makehim #subliminal #relationship #affirmations<br /><br />Learn English FREE Here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCT6lMGs86rEh9Tl_BL-19eg/videos">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCT6lMGs86rEh9Tl_BL-19eg/videos</a><br /><br />New Store: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://gumroad.com/msrsubliminals">https://gumroad.com/msrsubliminals</a><br /><br />PayPal Donations Here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://paypal.me/marksreynolds">https://paypal.me/marksreynolds</a><br /><br />Get MORE Subliminals By Supporting THIS CHANNEL. Begin Now By Spreading The Word &amp; SHARING THESE VIDEOS On Social Media. THANK YOU. <br /><br />Find Us On Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://on.fb.me/23an3so">http://on.fb.me/23an3so</a><br /><br />*** I DO MY BEST TO TRY AND CREATE REQUEST VIDEOS FOR EVERYONE WHO ASKS. HOWEVER, DUE TO THE SHEER NUMBER OF REQUESTS<br />I GET EACH DAY I SOMETIMES CANNOT GET ARROUND TO DOING ALL OF THEM. So please be patient! Thank You... Mark.<br /><br />**This channel is fully moderated. There is a zero tolerance policy for Spam/Hate/trolling comments.***<br />...................................................................................................................................................<br />Listen To With Headphones On For Best Results<br />...................................................................................................................................................<br /><br />How Can This Help Me?<br /><br />The Binaural Beats track will guide you into a deep state of relaxed suggestibility. This means your subconscious mind will be open to the positive suggestions that are on this video. Repeated use of this video will allow these suggestions to sink deeply into your subconscious mind and take root. After a few weeks or months you will begin to notice positive changes in your life, your surroundings and you outlook.<br /><br />Instructions<br /><br />To get the full benefits out of these sessions it is imperative that you read and follow a few simple instructions first.<br /><br />1. Find a place to lie down and relax in where you won’t be disturbed.<br /><br />2. Listen to with headphones on.<br /><br />3. Try to listen to the session twice a day. The best times are before you sleep at night and on waking in the morning.<br /><br />4. Try to create in your mind positive visualizations of what you want. This will make the sessions more effective.<br /><br />5. Use everyday twice a day for a period of 4 weeks. After that - as little or as often as you need.<br /><br />P.s... If you liked this please don't forget to remember and like the video or my many others &amp; leave comments too.<br /><br />Do not listen to whilst operating machinery or driving.<br /><br />Furthermore...<br /><br />Your Frequently asked questions...<br /><br />Q:- Can I use more than one sub per day?<br /><br />A:- Yes, so long as the subliminals you are using are related. Example:- (Subliminal 1 = money   Subliminal 2 = business mindset) etc.<br /><br />Q:- How long do I need to listen to a subliminal to get results?<br /><br />A:- Most people get results within 21 days. However, I recommend you listen for about 4-6 weeks for better results.<br /><br />Q:- Do I need to listen with headphones on?<br /><br />A:- Yes, you do!<br /><br />Q:- Why are your subliminals free?<br /><br />A:- Because I love to help people reach their true potential. Also, I really get a buzz from it :-) Plus I love creating vids too!<br /><br />Q:- Where are you going to go from here?<br /><br />A:- Wherever you and my imagination takes me!<br /><br />Affirmations:<br />i am precious radiance willing to act, now<br /><br />i am confidently creating self courage today<br /><br />i am a deserving desirable respectful; person<br /><br />i am successfully understanding myself today<br /><br />i am more valuable than ever i know i am now<br /><br />he is gratefully respecting me <br /><br />he remembers to change his ways now<br /><br />he is lovingly loyal er, forever now<br /><br />he remembers to change for good now<br /><br />he is drawn back into my arms again<br /><br />he remembers to change for better<br /><br />he wants me near, you are a beacon of beauty<br /><br />he loves to hear me, your words remind him <br /><br />he desires to see me, your presence is his comfort<br /><br />he loves my smile, your happiness hooks him back<br /><br />he desires me today, your determination wins him<br /><br />he loves your happiness, experience it back again<br /><br />he desires to connect, be today in his heart now<br /><br />he loves change, his willingness attracts you now<br /><br /><br />Background affirmations:<br /><br />believe you are the best now, things are working out for you now<br /><br />believe you can, and are worthy now, good things appear in your life<br /><br />believe you are deserving now, amazing things begin working,fine today<br /><br />Music Credits: <br /><br />Heart of Nowhere by Kevin MacLeod is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution license (<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)">https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)</a><br />Source: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://incompetech.com/music/royalty-free/index.html?isrc=USUAN1400045">http://incompetech.com/music/royalty-free/index.html?isrc=USUAN1400045</a><br />Artist: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://incompetech.com/">http://incompetech.com/</a><br /><br /><br /><br />Disclaimer:<br /><br />WARNING: USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.THIS IS NOT TO TREAT DISEASES OR MENTAL ILLNESSES. I AM NOT A DOCTOR AND I HAVE NO MEDICAL TRAINING. USE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION. YOU ACCEPT ALL RESPONSIBILITIES (And That Means YOU - Because YOU are RESPONSIBLE For your own ACTIONS!)<br />         IF YOU ARE UNSURE CONSULT A TRAINED MEDICAL DOCTOR. <br />WARNING: DO NOT USE WHILST DRIVING OR OPERATING MACHINERY.{% endraw %}
