---
title: "MoD of Russia discovered 30 US bio-labs in Ukraine \/ China called for an Explanation from the US"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/nlsi7pzZ4Lo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "nlsi7pzZ4Lo"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Russia","discovered","bio-labs"]
date: "2022-03-09T02:49:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-08T18:54:55Z"
duration: "PT3M30S"
viewcount: "8458"
likeCount: "1006"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "BORZZIKMAN"
---
{% raw %}MoD of Russia discovered 30 US bio-labs in Ukraine / China called for an Explanation from the US<br />*******************************************************************************************<br /><br />Greetings my dear truth seekers. After Russia reveals evidence of US-funded bio-program in Ukraine, experts, along with independent journalists, began to wonder why the Pentagon needed such a large number of biological laboratories on the territory of Ukraine. Let me remind you that the Russian Ministry of Defense declared that it managed to discover on the territory of Ukraine a huge network of biological laboratories working under the wing of the Pentagon. But that is not all. The head of the Radiation, Chemical, and Biological Defense Forces of the Russian Army, Igor Kirillov, declared that ''it is possible that biological weapons were being developed in these laboratories''. At a briefing held at the Ministry of Defense, Kirillov said that ''the Russian military had long paid attention to the network of biological laboratories, as well as military biological programs implemented by the Pentagon in the post-Soviet space, including Ukraine. It was revealed that there are 30 laboratories on Ukrainian territory, divided into research and sanitary-epidemiological ones''. Work in the biological laboratories was carried out in three directions, they carried out orders from the US Defence Intelligence Agency to reduce the military threat. The Pentagon allocated 200 million dollars for monitoring the biological situation, selecting and transferring strains and biomaterials to the Americans, including those obtained from Ukrainian military personnel, as well as research work...........<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Dear subscribers and guests of this channel. If you like my channel and if you really like what I've been doing on my youtube channel, then start supporting BORZZIKMAN on Patreon.<br />Your support will help me out to keep the production of my exclusive videos running smoothly. Moreover, you'll gain access to my other exclusive videos, also you will get the possibility to order the creation of an exclusive video that you want to see, suggest topics for future video analyses, and most important help this channel to survive. <br />Become a Patron - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/user?u=22393167">https://www.patreon.com/user?u=22393167</a><br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Other platforms to support the BORZZIKMAN channel.<br /><br /><br />WebMoney: Z287850237751 (USD)<br />                      E356280180033 (EUR)<br />                      R031929326481 (RUB)<br /><br /><br />Bitcoin: 1Lv4nnM1ZJVW1GJMUeGMCZXPXz8xeKuGTf<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />WARNING: ANY other channel using my nickname, image or videos is unauthorized and fake. This is the ONLY channel run and operated by BORZZIKMAN! This is the official BORZZIKMAN YouTube channel!<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Subscribe: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/BORZZIKMAN/...">https://www.youtube.com/c/BORZZIKMAN/...</a><br /><br />#BORZZIKMAN{% endraw %}
