---
title: "Trincomalee for an Ideal Beachside Vacation - Epic Sri Lanka Holidays"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Ftbk1lxaMaE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Ftbk1lxaMaE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Trincomalee Beach Sri Lanka","Trincomalee Beach","Sri Lanka"]
date: "2022-03-22T14:14:06+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-22T10:42:57Z"
duration: "PT15M43S"
viewcount: "11"
likeCount: "7"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "THE BEACH"
---
{% raw %}Trincomalee proudly adorns one the world’s finest natural harbors. This historic city is possibly the site of historic Gokana in the Mahavamsa (Great Chronicle), and its Shiva temple the site of Trikuta Hill in the Hindu text Vayu Purana. Most people just pass through the city on their way to the nearby beaches of Uppuveli and Nilaveli, but the town has some charm, plenty of history and an interesting melange of people. Trincomalee’s superb deep-water port has changed colonial hands seven times and is also a rich source of history and culture. It’s easy to spend a day on the beaches in Trincomalee and explore the ins and outs of the myriad waterfronts and the fort and its famous temple.<br />If fun and adventure are what you seek in Trincomalee, here are a few popular beaches in Trincomalee where you can enjoy a number of water sports, explore the beach and its surroundings or simply laze the day basking the sun.<br />1. Nilaveli Beach<br />This is one of the great booming tourist attraction and is one of the main travel locations in Colombo in Sri Lanka. This place is quite costly and is considerably expensive than rest of the nearby places. Even though Snorkeling in Colombo at this particular region might be quite expensive but the list would be incomplete without its name as it is famous for the coastal resort town of Nilaveli. The best time to visit this place is during the month of April and September. During this time the water tends to become more calm than the usual timings.<br />2. Uppuveli BeachUppuveli is amongst the best beaches in Sri Lanka. If beautiful landscape, classic accommodation, and authentic cuisine are one your mind then Uppuveli is indeed the most suitable choice. You would be amazed how the locals welcome the tourist and make them a part of their festivities. Away from the hustle and bustle of the city, this village is packed with natural beauty and relaxation.<br />3. Trincomalee Beach<br />Trincomalee is the gem of the eastern coast of Sri Lanka and a paradise for the snorkelers. The Nilaveli beach settled at this area is the most famous launching pad for the divers. Just a few minutes away stands the Pigeon island which is the closest place which is home to the beautiful coral reefs full of colorful fish, anemone, nudibranch and many more marine animals and plants.<br />4. Marble Beach<br />The stretch of sand, running alongside the light blue ocean, seems to go on endlessly at Marble Beach, Trincomalee. For many, the allure of Marble Beach lies in its untouched, pristine beauty. A dip in the sea or a stroll on the beach here is quite rejuvenating and will soothe your senses. <br /><br />For the greater part of the year, barring the waters at Marble Beach remain distinctively calm and as clear as glass. The sight of the light blue, placid sea would please anyone’s eyes while the absolute purity of the environment is the speciality of Marble Beach. You can find so much more to be admired on land too at Marble Beach. The Diamond Hill, a name given by the British although it bears no materialistic connection to the precious stone, is another magnet for adventure seekers{% endraw %}
