---
title: "DO THIS When He’s NOT READY For A Relationship...."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/A7RuwqcaXsA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "A7RuwqcaXsA"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["he's not ready for a relationship","he says he's not ready for a relationship","he doesn't want to commit"]
date: "2022-01-30T02:42:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-06T18:00:03Z"
duration: "PT35M13S"
viewcount: "68737"
likeCount: "4189"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Stephan Speaks"
---
{% raw %}Get your copy of the bestselling book &quot;He's Lying Sis&quot; here 👉 <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/HesLyingSisYTSpecial">https://bit.ly/HesLyingSisYTSpecial</a> 👈 this book has been helping women everywhere!<br /><br />When He’s NOT READY For A Relationship... In this dating advice video, I will be talking about when he's not ready for a relationship so that you can know how to go about it whenever you come across such a situation. If he says he's not ready for a relationship on first dates, online dating, or somewhere in the dating process, it would be best if you believed him. Take heed to this relationship advice, and be sure to watch the whole video. <br /><br />I don't want you to think that a man will make up his mind and suddenly want a relationship when he's not ready for a relationship. You may have come across a situation where he doesn't want to commit but won't let go, but in today's dating advice, I will help you know when he's not ready for a relationship so that you can do what is truly best. <br /><br />I want you to know when he isn't ready for a relationship but still wants to be with you. If you can embrace this dating advice, knowing when he doesn't want to commit and when he's not ready for a relationship will be much easier. Always take him serious when he says he's not ready for a relationship.<br /><br />As a certified life coach, relationship coach, and dating coach, I want to make dating and relationships easier for you. I pray that you find this video helpful and you will be able to enjoy dating and have a fulfilling, healthy relationship.<br /><br /> If you are asking any of the following questions or searching for:<br />- He’s not ready for a relationship<br />- He says he’s not ready for a relationship<br />- He doesn’t want to commit<br />- Online dating<br />- He doesn’t want to commit but won’t let go<br />- When he isn’t ready for a relationship<br />- Love <br />- Dating<br />- Dating advice<br />- Dating advice for women<br />- Dating expert<br />- Dating coach<br />- Dating coach for women<br />- Life coach<br />- Relationship coach<br />- Relationship coach for women<br />- Relationship advice<br />- Relationship advice for women<br />- Relationship expert<br /><br />and more, well, I believe this dating advice for women video will give you the clarity you need. <br /><br />=============================================== <br /><br />LET'S CONNECT: ★Get my books and more! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.stephanspeaksshop.com">https://www.stephanspeaksshop.com</a> <br /><br />=============================================== <br /><br />I hope you enjoyed my video When He’s NOT READY For A Relationship...<br /><br />Watch this dating advice video next &quot;The 5 Questions To Ask Before You Start Dating&quot; 👉 <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/PNNKzlHPOHQ">https://youtu.be/PNNKzlHPOHQ</a> <br /><br />=============================================== <br />#HesNotReadyForARelationship #HeDoesntWantToCommit #RelationshipAdviceForWomen #RelationshipAdvice #OnlineDating #WhenHeIsntReadyForARelationship #DatingCoach #RelationshipCoachForWomen #HeSaysHesNotReadyForARelationship #StephanSpeaks{% endraw %}
