---
title: "What Is an Affidavit of Heirship | RMO Lawyers"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/l408rIDxguM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "l408rIDxguM"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["affidavit of heirship","estate attorney","estate litigation"]
date: "2022-01-16T13:46:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-01-18T20:55:38Z"
duration: "PT5M33S"
viewcount: "1557"
likeCount: "25"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "RMO Lawyers"
---
{% raw %}<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://rmolawyers.com/">https://rmolawyers.com/</a> -- An Affidavit of Heirship is a legal document used in some states to establish the legal heirs of a person who dies without a will. The laws surrounding heirship, intestacy, and probate can be complicated and confusing to navigate, especially while mourning the loss of a loved one. Consulting an estate attorney is key to understanding whether these forms may be used or a probate will be needed.<br /><br />FULL ARTICLE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://rmolawyers.com/affidavit-of-heirship/">https://rmolawyers.com/affidavit-of-heirship/</a><br /><br />What Is an Affidavit of Heirship?<br />An Affidavit of Heirship is a sworn statement that heirs can use in some states to establish property ownership when the original owner dies intestate. Affidavits of Heirship are generally used when the decedent only left real property, personal property, or had a small estate. However, some states, like California, use a small estate affidavit rather than an Affidavit of Heirship, and then only in limited circumstances.<br /><br />Generally, whenever someone dies without a will and leaves property behind, their heirs may need to open a probate court case so that title to that property can pass to them. However, in some instances heirs can avoid the time and expense of probate by using an Affidavit of Heirship, making it one of a common and less expensive ways to handle intestate estates.<br /><br />If the following statements are all true, an Affidavit of Heirship may be a good option for disposing of an intestate estate: <br /><br />The decedent died without a will (intestate)<br />You can identify yourself as the decedent’s lawful heir<br />You want to take possession of the decedent’s estate without going through probate<br /><br />All of the decedent’s heirs have agreed on how to distribute the estate<br />There is a third party who can verify your right to the decedent’s estate<br />It is essential to keep in mind that heirs cannot use Affidavits of Heirship in every situation, and state laws differ on how and when people can use heirship affidavits. It is very common for heirs to seek an experienced estate attorney’s advice when determining the best way to deal with an intestacy situation.<br /><br />Can an Affidavit of Heirship Be Contested?<br />Yes, absolutely. Unlike a judicial determination that conclusively determines the decedent’s heirs, an Affidavit of Heirship only creates a presumption that the facts are correct. Therefore, the family lineage established in an Affidavit of Heirship can be contested. If an heir has been omitted from the Affidavit of Heirship, their legal rights to inherit the decedent’s property are not affected. Instead, the forgotten heir can present evidence to establish their heirship and overrule the Affidavit of Heirship, either entirely or partially. <br /><br />FULL ARTICLE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://rmolawyers.com/affidavit-of-heirship/">https://rmolawyers.com/affidavit-of-heirship/</a><br /><br />Have questions? We’re happy to discuss.<br />Call (424) 320-9444 or email hello@rmolawyers.com<br /><br />About RMO, LLP<br />RMO LLP serves clients in Los Angeles, Santa Monica, Orange County, San Diego, Kansas City, Miami, and communities throughout California, Florida, Missouri, and Kansas. Our founder, Scott E. Rahn, has been named “Top 100 – Trust and Estate Litigation” by SuperLawyers, Trusts and Estates Litigator of the Year, and Best Lawyers in America for Litigation – Trusts and Estates. For a free consultation, call (424) 320-9444 or visit: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://rmolawyers.com.">https://rmolawyers.com.</a>{% endraw %}
