---
title: "Top 10 Cheapest Sport Motorcycles and Lightweight Naked Bikes to Buy"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/AiUP1vXDY1c\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "AiUP1vXDY1c"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["motorcycles","sports bike","new motorcycle"]
date: "2022-02-02T18:10:29+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-08-31T11:00:05Z"
duration: "PT12M54S"
viewcount: "266552"
likeCount: "2415"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Automotive Territory: Trending News & Car Reviews"
---
{% raw %}It is ok to dream about Aprilia Tuono, Ducati Panigale, Yamaha R1 or Kawasaki Ninja H2R, but lets be honest, very few of us will be able to handle the power these superbikes offer, and probably even less people will have over $20,000 dollars to spend on a motorcycle. However, it doesn’t mean that it’s impossible to get a decent sports bike on a very limited budget. In this video we will tackle the category of the cheapest lightweight motorbikes both fully fared and some naked models, that give you the thrills of tight cornering, fast speeds and still carry affordable prices.<br /><br />Similar bike-related content that previously appeared on #AutomotiveTerritory:<br /><br />Most affordable touring bikes of today: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P--5k_NIyME">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P--5k_NIyME</a><br /><br />Most exciting motorcycles that are coming in 2020: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onjS7YpaXEk">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onjS7YpaXEk</a><br /><br />All of the models shown in this #ATmotorcycles episode: <br /><br />Kawasaki Ninja 400: kawasaki.com/Products/2019-Ninja-400-ABS?cm_re=CATEGORYLANDING-_-PRODUCTTHUMBNAIL-_-PRODUCTDETAILS <br /><br />Being introduced only in 2018, this mid-level bike from Kawasaki’s Ninja Sport range is a newcomer compared to many established competitors on the market. 2019 Kawasaki Ninja 400 arrives practically unchanged, sporting only a few new paint colors, and comes powered by the same 399cc twin-cylinder engine that has a peak torque output of 28 lb-ft at 8,000 rpm.<br /><br />Suzuki GSX 250R: suzukicycles.com/Product%20Lines/Cycles/Products/GSX250R/2019/GSX250R.aspx<br /><br />With no change in pricing, the GSX 250R enters the 2019 model year without mechanical updates but adds several new color schemes. Despite having a quite modest powertrain, the GSX 250R carries the exterior markers of its larger and more expensive cousins.<br /><br />Kawasaki Z400: kawasaki.com/motorcycle/z/supernaked/z400-abs?cm_re=GLOBALNAV-_-PRODUCTGROUPLIST-_-MPP <br /><br />2019 Kawasaki Z400 is a standard naked bike from Kawasaki’s Z Series family that debuted for 2019 model year, succeeding the Z300 model. Being closely related to the Ninja 400 motorcycle, the new Z400 borrows some of its main components.<br /><br />Yamaha YZF-R3: yamahamotorsports.com/supersport/models/yzf-r3<br /><br />Refreshed for the 2019 model year, the YZF-R3 from Yamaha is expected to receive no major changes this year. The bike has the aggressive MotoGP bodywork and offers improved ergonomics, achieved by the lower handlebar position, reshaped fuel tank, and fold-up foot pegs.<br /><br />Honda CBR300R: powersports.honda.com/street/sport/cbr300r<br /><br />Available in base and ABS-equipped versions, 2019 Honda CBR300R proves quite convincingly that small displacement motorcycles can be as sporty and race-like as bigger models. Its 286cc single-cylinder 4-stroke liquid cooled engine makes 31 horses and 20 lb-ft of torque, delivering this output right when you need it.<br /><br />Yamaha MT-07: yamahamotorsports.com/hyper-naked/models/mt-07<br /><br />Formerly known as FZ-07 in North America, this motorcycle is the entry level model within Yamaha’s hyper naked lineup. Its name conceals the description of the key feature, the MT stands for the mastery of torque.<br /><br />Honda CB500F: powersports.honda.com/street/standard/cb500f<br /><br />The 500cc bike range joined Honda’s lineup in 2013, and within the trio CBR500R, CB500X and CB500F, the latter naked is the bestselling model. For many riders it serves as a bridge to enter the middle weight category of sports motorcycles.<br /><br />KTM RC390: ktm.com/en/supersport/rc-390 <br /><br />2019 KTM RC390 is the top model in KTMs range of supersports that breathes longing for the racing track with its aggressive design. With a 44-horsepower single-cylinder engine producing 111 mph, the RC390 can quench “the need for speed” of even the most sophisticated riders.<br /><br />Benelli Tornado 302R: italy.benelli.com/product/tornado-302 <br /><br />Benelli Tornado 302R is first mass produced two-cylinder motorcycle of the company in the entry segment that shows some fairing resemblance of its Asian counterparts, but keeps its genuine Italian flair.<br /><br />BMW Motorrad G 310 R: bmw-motorrad.co.uk/en/models/roadster/g310r.html<br /><br />Being the first BMW Roadster under 500cc, 2019 BMW Motorrad G 310 R offers maneuverability and dynamic performance characteristic for its class, but is also comfortable to ride, economical, and easy to manage.<br /><br />KTM RC125: ktm.com/en/supersport/rc-125 <br /><br />As the most affordable fully faired KTM, 2019 KTM RC125 presents a great offer for inexperienced riders looking for their first two-wheeler in the world of supersport. Design-wise, the RC125 looks very similar to a more powerful RC200, while also sharing its state-of-the-art 1-cylinder engine with another KTM model, the naked 125 Duke.{% endraw %}
