---
title: "Most Significant Change Stories"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/YNxP9fonEUI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "YNxP9fonEUI"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["most significant change stories","msc","monitoring"]
date: "2022-02-04T19:59:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-04-11T06:00:06Z"
duration: "PT44S"
viewcount: "555"
likeCount: "10"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "David Hearle"
---
{% raw %}Most Significant Change Stories is a very short video that explains what a Most Significant Change Story is.<br /><br />Most Significant Change (MSC) is a participatory monitoring technique based on stories rather than indicators. MSC stories are about important or significant changes - they give a rich picture of the impact of development work and provide the basis for dialogue over key objectives and values of development programmes. MSC can be understood by the metaphor of a newspaper, which picks out the most interesting or significant story from the wide range of events and background details that it could draw on.<br /><br />MSC is an emerging technique, and many adaptations have already been made. Implementation of MSC would involve these ten steps:<br /><br />1 Introducing a range of stakeholders to MSC and fostering interest and commitment to participate.<br />2 Defining the domains of change. This involves selected stakeholders identifying for example, 'changes in people's lives' defined by the actual users.<br />3 Defining the reporting period. SC stories are collected from those most directly involved, such as participants and field staff. The stories are collected by asking a simple question such as: 'During the last month, in your opinion, what was the most significant change that took place for participants in the program?'<br />4 Collecting SC stories. It is initially up to respondents to allocate their stories to a domain category. In addition to this, respondents are encouraged to report why they consider a particular change to be the most significant one.<br />5 Selecting the most significant of the stories. The stories are then analysed and filtered up through the levels of authority. Each group review &amp; sends the selected stories up to the next level and the number of stories is whittled down through a systematic and transparent process. <br />6 Feeding back the results of the selection process. The criteria used to select stories are recorded and fed back to all interested stakeholders. The organisation is effectively recording and adjusting the direction of its attention - and the criteria it uses for valuing events. An annual compendium may be published.<br />7 Verification of stories is by visiting the sites where the events took place.  <br />8 Quantification included in the stories and the extent to which the most significant changes identified in one location have taken place in other locations within a time period.<br />9 Secondary analysis and meta-monitoring. Monitoring the monitoring system itself, can include looking at who participated and how they affected the contents, and analysing how often different types of changes are reported.  <br />10 Revising the system. <br /> <br /><br />WHEN TO USE Significant Change Stories<br /><br />• Often used for assessing impact monitoring<br />• Can also be used for assessing organisation or programme performance.<br />MSC doesn’t replace other methods of monitoring and evaluation –it works well in conjunction with other methods like content analysis and quantitative analysis. MSC can offer a way for staff at regional level to select, discuss and report the changes that are important to them and comes into its own where outcomes are unexpected and meanings are disputed. Indicators just don’t help us to see what has changed in these situations.{% endraw %}
