---
title: "exiLity - Environ ( Enclose exiL reduX)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/wgXbipTrKQA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "wgXbipTrKQA"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["exiLity","FILMS","exiLityFILMS"]
date: "2022-03-12T21:14:56+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-10-11T20:02:46Z"
duration: "PT3M35S"
viewcount: "218"
likeCount: "9"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "exiLityFILMS"
---
{% raw %}This is my latest work of art. Watch in HD.<br />Originally the project was a collabaration between myself and my dear childhood friend &quot;NUMARTYR&quot; (who pretends to be a underground bass producer)..<br />He sent me the beat claiming &quot;sorry it took so long, I had to finish it, finish it.&quot;<br />In reality he stole the track and didn't edit it at all. I made a redux of the beat myself, wrote the lyrics, created the artwork and the video.<br />The track was supposed to go up on Amazon, Spotify, Apple Music, and all other platforms.<br />I am not monitizing this video or the track, it is simply art that i created with every fiber of my being, for the love of the hip hop culture, as well as my love for VFX.<br />It was a journey full of adventure and learning experiences for everyone involved.<br />Software used: Adobe After Effects, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Cinema 4D, Sony Vegas, Adobe Audition, Virtual DJ8, <br />Shot &amp; edited between 8/12/2017 - 10/11/2017 <br /><br /><br /> Special thanks to: Drew &quot;Cinema Evolved&quot; Eubanks www.cinemaevolved.com<br />                Dan &quot;TyrantFPV&quot; Rengifo www.facebook.com/texasFPVmilitia<br />                Wesley &quot;Mr.Wes&quot; Figueroa www.ctcstudios.com<br /><br />www.exiLityFILMS.com<br />www.facebook.com/exiLityFILMS<br />www.soundcloud.com/exiLity<br />www.instagram.com/exiLityds<br />www.vimeo.com/exiLityFILMS    <br /><br /><br />[exiLity]<br />Catch me in the lane, freeflow what I'm skatin to, tryina see a milli, in the meantime break a view,<br />NUMARTYR stole a beat, told him: karma in a day or two.... And you know we used to blaze a few...<br />Nothin but creativity, filrtin with possibilities, certain of probability, hidden within the symmetry,<br />Visually vivid imagery, dipped in the serendipidity, listen I'm where I'm meant to be, only thing that makes sense to me,<br />Livin with extra-sensory, ain't waitin for a miracle, thought magnetism manifested in the physical,<br />Raw as it gets and we ain't even hit the pinnacle, it's all gon burn, I ain't even bein cynical,<br />So I'm gettin mine yo, I'm talkin bout residuals, technology is sweet, got us blind to the spiritual,<br />Obsessin with materials, it is what it is, the hunger real serious, expect it to hold ya,<br />Warrior of light, one of God's soldiers, I gues I'm not supposta, be disclosin, <br />The real in my views its understood I am the coldest.....<br />          <br />            Game in a chokehold, wont fold,<br />      Shine like that rose gold, smoke slow...[x2]<br /><br />Enclosed in a matrix, destroying the basics, the roots of the culture and all of its faces,<br />I keeps it a live, in my heart its the safest, and all of this new shit, recycled and tasteless,<br />Started from the ground and now I'm in space bitch, hardest of the sound, exploding, its weightless,<br />A viable statement, I manifest greatness, tryina save the art form, I know we gon make it...<br /><br />           [OUTRO]<br />[Kendrick]<br />Do yall, do yall feel there is anything that, we should umm, attain or build on? <br />Or something that we should bring back to the game, a little bit more?<br />[Ice Cube]<br />Oh you know, tha-thats always tricky,<br />Man, artists gotta do it how they feelin,<br />You know they shouldnt do it how they think they should do it,<br />They shouldnt do it how they think the people want them to do it,<br />They should do it how they FEELIN,<br />aaaaaand, go from there,<br />and you'll always be.....<br />happy...... and satisfied..... you know ummm...<br />Hip Hop and, and the arists got so, focused on results,<br />You know, what my record sale, what, what is this?<br />That aint got nothin to do with you creatin the MUSIC!<br />[Dr dre]<br />Yeah it has nothin to do with,<br />You know when we started this thang,<br />Its not for the money, ITS FOR THE MUSIC, ITS FOR THE LOVE OF THE MUSIC,<br />And if you treat HER right, SHES gonna treat YOU right....<br />The minute you come in this thang....<br />And youre in it, to make money,<br />Yeah your time is limited in this mofucker.......{% endraw %}
