---
title: "Lebanon: Secretary-General asks political leaders & international community to resolve the crisis"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Q_684PXAarc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Q_684PXAarc"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["UN","United Nations"]
date: "2022-04-02T20:30:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-22T01:14:23Z"
duration: "PT28M27S"
viewcount: "4896"
likeCount: "180"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "United Nations"
---
{% raw %}Remarks to the media by António Guterres, United Nations Secretary-General, during his visit to Lebanon.<br /><br />&quot;(...) A very good evening to all of you and thank you very much for your presence, ladies and gentlemen of the media. <br />  <br />I thank President Michel Aoun, Speaker of Parliament Nabih Berri, Prime Minister Najib Mikati, the Government of Lebanon and the Lebanese people for their warm welcome.  <br />   <br />I am grateful, not only for the possibility to engage with the political and military authorities in important discussions about the future of Lebanon, but also with the religious leaders, several groups of representatives of civil society, women activists and youth.  <br />   <br />It has been an honour for me to visit Lebanon once again.  <br />   <br />But it grieves me to see the people of this beautiful country suffering so much.  <br />   <br />The people of Lebanon face immense challenges.  <br />   <br />Yet, despite the strains they endure, the warmth and generosity of the Lebanese people continues to shine.  <br />   <br />The region and the world remain thankful for Lebanon’s generosity in giving refuge to people fleeing violent conflict abroad.  <br />   <br />I first witnessed this as High Commissioner for Refugees and I felt it again these past two days in conversations with Lebanese people from all walks of life.  <br />   <br />I commend Lebanon’s spirit of co-existence and tolerance.  <br />   <br />While here, I visited the Beirut Port.   <br />   <br />My thoughts are with the victims of the devastating blast that took the precious lives of more than 200 people – parents, daughters, sons, friends and colleagues from over a dozen countries.  <br />   <br />The United Nations mourns with you.  Two children of UN staff members were among the youngest victims.  <br />   <br />The Lebanese people and the families of all the victims deserve answers and justice that can only be met through impartial, thorough and transparent investigation.  <br />   <br />I am also gravely concerned about the impact of the economic and financial crisis in the country, causing ever more people to need humanitarian assistance.  <br />   <br />Yesterday, I visited Tripoli in north Lebanon and today, Tyre in the south.  I was very moved when listening to first-hand testimonies of how this crisis is impacting people’s daily lives.   <br />   <br />People expect their political leaders to listen to their needs and to restore the economy, including through a functioning government and state institutions, and by effectively fighting corruption.  <br />   <br />These past two days, I have urged Lebanon’s political leaders to work to implement reforms that respond to the demands of the Lebanese people for greater welfare, accountability, protection and transparency in order to restore hope for a better future.  <br />   <br />I have underlined the need to allow for the swift start of the formal negotiations to finalize the agreement with the IMF without further impediments.  <br />   <br />Seeing the suffering of the people of Lebanon, Lebanese leaders do not have the right to be divided and paralyze the country.  <br />   <br />All government institutions are measured on results: social protection, access to electricity and water, education and basic healthcare, good governance and the protection of human rights.  <br />In charting a path towards sustainable recovery, civil society, women and young people have a critical role to play.  <br />   <br />Their voices must be heard and their proposals seriously considered.  <br />   <br />Free and fair parliamentary elections, held on time in 2022, will be an essential opportunity for the people to make their voices heard.  <br />   <br />The announcement of the president of the republic after our meeting that the elections will be held in early May, confirmed in my meetings with the prime minister and the president of the parliament, represent an important guarantee that the constitution will be respected.  <br />   <br />(...)&quot; - Excerpt   <br />  <br />Full Remarks and Q &amp; A [as delivered]: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.un.org/sg/en/node/261297">https://www.un.org/sg/en/node/261297</a>{% endraw %}
