---
title: "Painful PUTIN, Ukraine destroys a commander, thousands of soldiers and all Russian tanks"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Tt2Nu-_vILc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Tt2Nu-_vILc"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["enerhodar","kiev fight","70 fighter jets to ukraine"]
date: "2022-05-18T23:59:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-18T16:53:02Z"
duration: "PT3M7S"
viewcount: "20525"
likeCount: "1006"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Trending news"
---
{% raw %}Thank you for watching our video. Please like and subscribe to help us reach 100k Sub.<br />Mail: hungbktna41@gmail.com Please comment here to help us publish better videos to serve you.<br /><br />painful PUTIN, when the Ukraine Ambush destroyed a Russian commander and an entire column of enemy tanks | Update on Russia and Ukraine War May 18.<br /><br />VLADIMIR PUTIN has just suffered another terrible blow after he lost his 42nd colonel in the bloody war in Ukraine.<br /><br />This is the most painful loss for the Russian army, when a Russian commander and the entire huge Russian tank convoy were destroyed by Ukraine.<br /><br />Colonel Denis Kozlov, 40, was among Russian troops killed in a failed advance across the Donets River in Bilohorivka after being ambushed by Ukrainian troops. He had only recently replaced Colonel Sergei Porokhnya, 45, who was killed in Ukraine on March 14. But Kozlov has now become the second in command of the 12th Guards Engineer Squadron of the Flag Brigade. Red. Keningsbersko-Gorodokskaya died in the war with Ukraine.<br /><br />A Russian colonel guides a pontoon ferry across a river, west of the city of Lysychansk, Donbas region.<br /><br />But he was killed after Ukrainian forces launched missile attacks on the area.<br /><br /><br />The latest disaster for Russia has been revealed through satellite photos showing the remains of two floating pontoon bridges over the Donets River.<br /><br />The place is seen surrounded by the wreckage of destroyed tanks and armored vehicles.<br /><br />It is believed that Russian commanders are trying to encircle Lysychansk - and its sister city Severodonetsk - with airstrips.<br /><br />But Ukraine was smarter when correctly guessing their plan was Russia and carried out an ambush, destroying all Russian tanks and soldiers while on the ferry. including 1 commander, hundreds of tanks and more than 1000 Russian soldiers, all of which were destroyed. This is seen as: the action of the Ukrainian military to sweep &quot;all&quot; garbage into the river.<br /><br />Twitter user &quot;Maxim&quot;, who claims to be a Ukrainian military engineer, said the Russian army plan to cross the river and the location of the river crossing on May 7.<br /><br />He then informed his commanders to intercept the enemy when crossing the river.<br /><br />PUTIN did not expect that the Russian army's plan to cross the river to make a surprise attack was known in advance and proceeded to ambush and destroy all of it.<br /><br />A few days after being killed, Kozlov was awarded the Russian Order of Courage and rested in his native Murom.<br /><br />But Putin's plan quickly failed, with fierce Ukrainian resistance driving Russian troops out of the major cities they once confidently occupied.<br /><br />Since the war in Ukraine began, Ukraine has killed 9 Russian generals and 40 colonels, which is a huge loss of life for the Russian army.{% endraw %}
