---
title: "Bethel Island: 2 Alarm Fire Destroys 3 Homes in Contra Costa County"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/fovSNCoYfbY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "fovSNCoYfbY"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["house fire","structure fire","bethel island"]
date: "2022-05-23T12:48:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-03-15T06:55:52Z"
duration: "PT27M31S"
viewcount: "4614458"
likeCount: "15743"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "EastCountyToday"
---
{% raw %}At 5:50 pm, East Contra Costa Fire Protection District was dispatched to a report of a residential structure fire in the 2700 block of Taylor Road on Bethel Island.<br /><br />It was reported that a house was on fire and while responding, Station 53 reported heavy black smoke was showing from Oakley. Dispatch then received several more calls saying multiple homes were on fire with at least one home that had exploded with flames at least 20-feet high.<br /><br />Engine 53 arrived on scene and immediately called for a second alarm response along with a fire boat response and breathing support. Contra Costa County Fire was requested for aid response. Both Contra Costa County Office of the Sheriff and California Highway Patrol responded to the scene to shut down the roadway and provide traffic control.<br /><br />Fire units from the City of Oakley, City of Brentwood, Town of Discovery Bay, City of Antioch, and City of Pittsburg all responded<br /><br />By around 8:00 pm, firefighters had prevented forward progress and contained the fire to three homes and potentially saving another 3-to-4 neighboring homes.<br /><br />Firefighters also said they had no reported injuries and at least 3-people had been displaced.<br /><br />As of 9:15 pm, firefighters were working on &quot;hot spots&quot; before they could begin mop up duties.<br /><br /><br />Video Shot on Osmo Pocket: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/2u5ARJK">https://amzn.to/2u5ARJK</a><br /><br />---NOTE---<br />For those critical of this fire.... via the 2009 grand jury report. <br />Major areas of concern regarding Bethel Island include the following:<br /><br />    A portion of the fire fighting personnel is continually rotated without a formal orientation regarding the unique characteristics of the island.<br />    Fire hydrants are available in the business district. This area encompasses only about one-third of a mile of Bethel Island’s community. At present they are not functional. There are approximately 7 miles of heavily populated roads that must rely on trucked in water. <br />    Surrounded by water, Bethel Island has no readily available water to fight fires.<br />    In addition to the water available on the fire trucks and local private pumps, fire fighting water is brought in by tanker trucks or drafted (pumped) from the Delta. <br />    The fire house has been condemned due to mold infestation.<br /><br /><br /><br />➥➥➥ SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE VIDEOS ➥➥➥ Never miss a video from ECT. Subscribe ⇢ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://eastcountytoday.net/subscribe">http://eastcountytoday.net/subscribe</a> <br /><br />For more news and information: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://eastcountytoday.net/">http://eastcountytoday.net/</a>{% endraw %}
