---
title: "10 Insane Game Lodges you need to visit in South Africa"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Cvbz5VAtN9g\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Cvbz5VAtN9g"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["game lodge","Visit game lodge in south africa","Jock Safari Lodge."]
date: "2022-05-02T11:50:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-03-04T16:24:43Z"
duration: "PT6M3S"
viewcount: "23678"
likeCount: "192"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Travel Local SA"
---
{% raw %}No.1: Inyati Private Game Reserve. Inyati is set in 65 000 hectares of unspoilt bushveld within the Sabi Sand Reserve, adjacent to the world-renowned Kruger National Park. Inyati Lodge is situated on the banks of the Sand River allowing for fantastic game viewing from the lodge. With no boundary fences between the Sabi Sand and the Kruger National Park.<br /><br />Search, Compare and Book Cheap Flights: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/FlyLift">https://bit.ly/FlyLift</a><br /><br />No.2: Elephant Plains Game Lodge. Adjacent to the Kruger National Park, Elephant Plains Game Lodge offers comfortable style and affordable luxury. This owner-run lodge accommodates a maximum of 24 guests, which ensures personal service and a warm, friendly atmosphere. <br /><br />Book Cheap FlyCemair Flights: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/FlyCemAir">https://bit.ly/FlyCemAir</a><br /><br />No.3: Lion Sands Private Game Reserve. A wooden platform has been constructed high up in the top of an ancient Jackalberry tree. Amongst the branches, the most romantic bush bedroom is set up to accommodate a couple for the night, with secure access and as many of the room comforts as are practically possible. <br /><br />Make sure to Subscribe! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCLZ0ZuUnGgOmmNkSA6zPkA?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCLZ0ZuUnGgOmmNkSA6zPkA?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />No.4: HillsNek Safaris. Nestling on the banks of the Bushman’s River with a breathtaking vista of rolling African plains, lies HillsNek Safaris, an exclusive-use safari lodge situated in a remote corner of the pristine, malaria free Amakhala Game Reserve of the Eastern Cape. <br /><br />Submit your offers for FREE at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://travellocal.co.za">https://travellocal.co.za</a><br /><br />No.5: Pumba Private Game Reserve. Only 105km from Port Elizabeth, Pumba Private Game Reserve is in the heart of the Eastern Cape malaria-free game viewing region. Here, visitors have every opportunity to enjoy the ultimate essence of South Africa’s luxury and style. Msenge Bush Lodge offers 11 exclusive chalets, which flow naturally into the African bushveld, allowing you to become one with nature. Dreamy bathrooms with magnificent views, luxury bedrooms opening onto private timber decks complete with plunge pools and outdoor showers.<br /><br />No.6: Tswalu Kalahari Reserve. Designed to blend inconspicuously into the surrounding mountain range, Motse at Tswalu Kalahari Reserve is surrounded by nine spacious suites and designed in classic African style whilst offering unrivalled elegance. At Motse, guests can relax in the lounge or enjoy meals in the dining room. A patio overlooks the outdoor heated swimming pool and pool terrace. Guests can dine under the stars in the traditional African boma. In addition, Tswalu has an enviable collection of South African Wines.<br /><br />No.7: Rhino Ridge Safari Lodge. Established to protect the previously endangered white rhino now numbering over 1000 in the park, Hluhluwe-Imfolozi is a triumph of conservation efforts. Celebrate this legacy in exclusive luxury at Rhino Ridge Safari Lodge offering exceptional safari experiences in the heart of Big 5 territory. Rhino Ridge is a  lodge of contemporary design with overtones of organic forms utilising natural finishes and materials. Rhino Ridge Safari Lodge offers 18 rooms nestled in natural bush high up on the ridge with commanding views of the Reserve.<br /><br />No.8: Sanbona Wildlife Reserve. The sheer expanse (54,000 hectares) and stark beauty of Sanbona Wildlife Reserve, in the Klein Karoo of the Western Cape, gives one a sense of humbleness. Dwyka Lodge comprises of 9 luxurious and secluded tents, which exude an atmosphere of adventure. Each luxury tent has its own private deck, outdoor shower and plunge pool. One of the true joys of Sanbona is the freedom to do nothing at all in absolute luxury. But for those who choose to venture beyond the comfort of the Lodge, a world of experiences awaits. <br /><br />No.9: Rhino Walking Safaris. Rhino Walking Safaris specialises in luxury walking safaris in 12,000 hectares of pristine bushveld in the only wilderness concession in the Kruger National Park. Rhino Walking Safaris and its two camps, Plains Camp and Rhino Post Safari Lodge, lie within a private wilderness concession just north of Skukuza in the Kruger National Park, offering exclusive walking trails and game drive safaris. The park is home to an impressive number of species, has 16 different ecosystems, and ranks as a prime Big Five game viewing area.<br /><br />No.10: Jock Safari Lodge. This luxurious lodge is situated in the southern area of the Kruger National Park at the confluence of the Mitomeni and Biyamiti rivers, half way between Skukuza and Malelane. Magnificent trees and an abundance of bird life surround the Lodge. Twelve individual thatched suites, screened by lush trees and reed walls, offer guests utmost luxurious privacy, creating a unique experience of gracious old world elegance surrounded by unspoilt wilderness. <br /><br />Visit our Website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://travellocal.co.za">https://travellocal.co.za</a>{% endraw %}
