---
title: "Ngozbeoz| ONMYOJI| Enhance The Souls"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/gl9M6iE3ppE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "gl9M6iE3ppE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Ngozbeoz","Ngozbeoz onmyoji","Ngozbeoz onmyoji gameplay"]
date: "2022-02-14T13:28:49+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-11T07:11:31Z"
duration: "PT47M41S"
viewcount: "2601"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ngọc Béo"
---
{% raw %}Ngozbeoz| ONMYOJI| Enhance The Souls<br />A Tale of DemonsBegin your legendary journey through a Japanese-style fantasy RPG. <br /><br />Your epic adventure starts in the Heian period of Japanese history, a time when humans and demons co-exist…It was a hellish time when spirits and demons lurked in the shadows, striking fear into the hearts of men. The only ones standing against the oncoming darkness and terror were the onmyoji – masters of mystery. Divining the future, observing the stars, traveling between worlds, and ultimately bending spirits to their will, the onmyoji sustained the balance between the humans and the demons.Enter the incredible, vibrant world of spirits and demons, and watch mysteries unfold before your very eyes. Play as a Legendary Onmyoji from Japanese FolkloreBe reincarnated as Abe no Seimei, a legendary onmyoji from Japanese folklore. <br /><br />Help Seimei on his journey to recover his lost memories while encountering demons of all shapes and forms. Unravel the supernatural tales of the shikigami, spirits, and demons, and listen to their inner voices.Collect and Evolve Hundreds of ShikigamiCollect nearly a hundred different magical spirits called shikigami, each with their own unique stories and abilities. Strengthen your shikigami or change their appearances by evolving them.Multi-dimensional Gameplay and Strategic BattlingUnleash your shikigami in semi-real time battles with other onmyoji in your area or from around the world. <br /><br />Build your dream tactical team by choosing shikigami based on their abilities and strengths, then send them into battles against other teams. Challenge yourself with various and exciting game modes including Duels, Realm Raids, Boss Challenges, Demon Parade, and much more.Exquisite Reproduction of Ancient KyotoImmaculate 3D modeling takes you into the vibrant, immersive world of Kyoto during the Heian period. Relax in peaceful courtyards and pass through otherworldly Torii gates, watch the spring cherry blossoms drift, and wrap yourself in the solemnity of palaces and shrines. Detailed rendering and painstaking worldbuilding will immerse you in the mesmerizing, fantasy world of Onmyoji.An Auditory and Visual FeastOnmyoji features many of Japan's top voice actors, including Rie Kugimiya (Fullmetal Alchemist), Noriaki Sugiyama (Naruto), Miyuki Sawashiro (Di Gi Charat), Tatsuhisa Suzuki (Final Fantasy XV), Jun Fukuyama (Super Smash Bros), Nana Mizuki (Naruto), Akira Ishida (Neon Genesis Evangelion) and more.<br /><br />✫ Please SUBSCRIBE (SUBSCRIBLE) to follow Ngọc Béo Channel to see more new videos! Thank you very much! <br />✫And don't forget to Like, Comment (Comment), Share (Share) the video with everyone! ✫ Looking forward to all of your comments to help make the following videos better and more interesting. <br />✫Thank you so much!<br />MORE RECIPES YOU HAVE TO TRY: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZXzwq36g0eS3hxLdEzGT9xcKOiK3qfOU">https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZXzwq36g0eS3hxLdEzGT9xcKOiK3qfOU</a><br />#Ngozbeoz #Ngozbeozonmyoji #Ngozbeozonmyojiheinstories #Ngozbeozonmyojigameplay #Ngozbeozonmyojisecretzones{% endraw %}
