---
title: "seventeen moments i never get tired of watching~ (≧∇≦)\/"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/d4g4-Pku9QI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "d4g4-Pku9QI"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["seventeen","moments","never"]
date: "2022-05-19T23:04:29+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-03T20:37:13Z"
duration: "PT23M3S"
viewcount: "61093"
likeCount: "3208"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "verkwaniewa"
---
{% raw %}┍━━━━ ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ talk to me!  ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ━━━━┑!<br /><br />HIII heres the DISCLAIMER i mentioned!! ♥‿♥ <br />I am SO sorry this video is so biased it is obv not intentional!! T_T when i sat down to think about all the seventeen moments that always stick out in my head as really funny or cute or weird etc these are just what i thought of...then while editing i realized theres so much dk, hoshi, which is crazy bc theyre not even my biases ofc i love them all but it surprised me as a maknae line bias  (✿☉｡☉) theyre just so funny....i thought.. should i add more of other members to make it all even? but then.. i would be lying (；゜○゜)! so im sorry!!! I intentionally tried to not add a bunch of seungkwan because i have only 100000 videos planned surrounding him...ehehe. ANYWAY i just dont want anyone to be sad theres not alot of moments of your fav member i love him whoever it is.... i just cant deny booseoksoons humor is really my type ＼(~o~)ノ <br /><br />~<br />OK BACK TO OUR SCHEDULED PROGRAM <br /><br />HII!! *｡⋆ฺ(*´◡`)  ~~ <br /><br />new video AHHHHH!! hello again! videos take me so long! my first first ot13 video! and exciting (for me) my new intro! I hope you guys like it more!! i think its pretty cute all jeju and boo and his puppy and hallabong themed (๑♡⌓♡๑)  anyway i hope as always you liked the video.. maybe got to laugh, OH YEAH! are you going to see the power of love movie?? i think i will go... talk to me more in the comments! or on ig if u wanna be carat friends!! lmk what seventeen moments you never get tired of seeing!  o(^∀^*)o<br /><br />P.S. you probably noticed i made a little logo..bc someone stole my whole entire edited videos and said they were theirs.. : ◉ ∧ ◉ :  i asked them pls dont do that bc i try too hard to make carats happy and have a fun creative outlet and i luv my commenters that say my video has made their day or week so i feel protective (⊙﹏⊙✿)  anyway it didnt work at all so logo time!! SO if its too big or distracting please let me know!! ill make it smaller or try to do something more neutral ok! (*•̀ᴗ•́*)و ̑̑<br /><br />p.s. im sorry the thumbnail is ugly i had a hard time figuring out what would look best for a more comedy based video...it was hard so im not completely happy with it O WELL (｡•́︿•̀｡) <br /><br />p.p.s upon uploading it says a clip is blocked in some countries! if this happens to you let me know!<br />♡  <br /><br />~~ BOO! ♡<br /> (๑´⍢`๑) <br /><br />~as always if you want a specific seventeen compilation edit you haven't seen yet lmk!! o(^∀^*)o<br />AND OFF I GO to make a new video for you ♡  <br /><br />  ヾ(＾-＾)ノ carats <br /><br />keep scrolling ~~~~~~~ <br /><br />‧͙⁺˚*･༓☾　the real DISCLAIMER 　☽༓･*˚⁺‧͙<br /><br />thank you to the creators of some of these clips!! I used more videos from like17subs than i ever have, since i didnt have access to get all the videos I wanted! they work super hard for carats ilthem (◍•ᴗ•◍)❤ also a clip from Leen's Space support them too!!! <br /><br />FAIR USE ~~~<br />Copyright Disclaimer under Section 107 of the copyright act 1976, allowance is made for fair use for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational, or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.<br /><br />~~~~~~~~~~~ <br /><br />pls feel free to follow and talk to me on my svt accounts! ⭑ <br />tho i have been a stan for awhile (adore u era!) i've never had svt accounts until recently! so pls dont have high expectations! (as I only really put effort into my youtube ;;)  hehehh) &amp; i hope we can be carat friends ☆ <br /><br />(˶′◡‵˶)爻(♥ O ♥)<br />yt- verkwaniewa ( you're here! ) <br />svt ig- seungkwansroom (always active!)<br />svt tumblr- seungkwansroom (this page is dead i need to change my end screen lol)<br /> <br /><br />#SEVENTEEN #VERKWANIEWA #seungkwan  #vernon #dino #dk #hoshi #wonwoo #jun #the8 #mingyu #scoups #joshua #jeonghan #woozi #seventeenmoments{% endraw %}
