---
title: "Are You Normal? Check This List!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/F6LW-xzSSBE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "F6LW-xzSSBE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["mental illness","mental health","normal"]
date: "2022-04-20T17:26:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-20T12:47:49Z"
duration: "PT32M28S"
viewcount: "1746"
likeCount: "318"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Prof. Sam Vaknin"
---
{% raw %}Self-love + boundaries + self-regulation=mental health.<br /><br />Self-love is a healthy self-regard and the pursuit of one's happiness and favorable outcomes. It rests on four pillars:<br /> <br />1. Self-awareness: an intimate, detailed and compassionate knowledge of oneself, a SWOT analysis: strengths, weaknesses, others's roles, and threats, ones limitations, talents, and skills. The opposite of magical thinking: what to pursue and what to avoid.<br /> <br />2. Self-acceptance: the unconditional embrace of one's core identity, personality, character, temperament, relationships, experiences, and life circumstances.<br /> <br />3. Self-trust: the conviction that one has one's best interests in mind, is watching one's back, and has agency and autonomy: one is not controlled by or dependent upon others in a compromising fashion<br /> <br />4. Self-efficacy: the belief, gleaned from and honed by experience, that one is capable of setting rational, realistic, and beneficial goals and possesses the wherewithal to realize outcomes commensurate with one's aims.<br /> <br />Self love is the only reliable compass in life. Experience usually comes too late, when its lessons can no longer be implemented because of old age, lost opportunities, and changed circumstances. It is also pretty useless: no two people or situations are the same. But self-love is a rock: a stable, reliable, immovable, and immutable guide and the truest of loyal friends whose only concern in your welfare and contentment.<br /> <br />Personality disorders are dysfunctions of our whole identity, tears in the fabric of who we are. They are all-pervasive because our personality is ubiquitous and permeates each and every one of our mental cells. I just published the first article in this topic titled &quot;What is Personality?&quot;. Read it to understand the subtle differences between &quot;personality&quot;, &quot;character&quot;, and &quot;temperament&quot;.<br /><br />In the background lurks the question: what constitutes normal behavior? Who is normal?<br /><br />There is the statistical response: the average and the common are normal. But it is unsatisfactory and incomplete. Conforming to social edicts and mores does not guarantee normalcy. Think about anomic societies and periods of history such as Hitler's Germany or Stalin's Russia. Model citizens in these hellish environments were the criminal and the sadist.<br /><br />Rather than look to the outside for a clear definition, many mental health professionals ask: is the patient functioning and happy (ego-syntonic)? If he or she is both then all is well and normal. Abnormal traits, behaviors, and personalities are, therefore defined as those traits, behaviors, and personalities that are dysfunctional and cause subjective distress.<br /><br />But, of course, this falls flat on its face at the slightest scrutiny. Many evidently mentally ill people are rather happy and reasonably functional.<br />Some scholars reject the concept of &quot;normalcy&quot; altogether. The anti-psychiatry movement object to the medicalization and pathologization of whole swathes of human conduct. Others prefer to study the disorders themselves rather to &quot;go metaphysical&quot; by trying to distinguish them from an imaginary and ideal state of being &quot;mentally healthy&quot;.<br /><br />I subscribe to the later approach. I much prefer to delve into the phenomenology of mental health disorders: their traits, characteristics, and impact on others.<br /><br />Find and Buy MOST of my BOOKS and eBOOKS in my Amazon Store: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.amazon.com/stores/page/60F8EC8A-5812-4007-9F2C-DFA02EA713B3">https://www.amazon.com/stores/page/60F8EC8A-5812-4007-9F2C-DFA02EA713B3</a>{% endraw %}
