---
title: "Amazing garden decor from old furniture and things! 50 example for inspiration!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/nn3GSmGLCDk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "nn3GSmGLCDk"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["recycle","Recycling","furniture"]
date: "2022-04-02T11:05:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-23T10:00:22Z"
duration: "PT5M1S"
viewcount: "79684"
likeCount: "851"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "100 IDEAS!"
---
{% raw %}Amazing garden decor from old furniture and things! 50 example for inspiration!<br /><br />As soon as we acquire land and a house in possession, we become masters of our territory, the understanding of landscape design takes place from a different angle. I immediately want to direct my creativity to the arrangement of my favorite dacha or home, to realize my creative ideas and designs in home-made decorations in landscape design.<br />The main thing is that to create such jewelry there is no need to buy something, spend your money.<br />To create the most daring ideas and translate them into home-made jewelry, any things that are no longer needed or have already worked out will come in handy, that is, the so-called trash, which seems to be not needed, but suddenly comes in handy. So, this is exactly the same case. Creating homemade jewelry on your own is not only profitable, but also has its own useful sides.<br /><br />Ideas for decorating the garden with your own hands<br />What is the benefit?<br /><br />Old, useless items get a new life. One unexpected decision will transform your territory beyond recognition, making it more beautiful and cozy.<br />Family creativity. Such work attracts not only adults, but also children. Children and adults alike love to participate in this process. Joint participation in the creation of crafts inspires children to further creativity. And, of course, a huge plus will be that, participating in the creation of home-made jewelry, the children will not seek to break, destroy what has been created.<br />If the imagination fails, ideas can always be peeped on the pages of the Internet or from neighbors, with the latter, joint creativity is possible. Once you get into it, DIY jewelry making can become a favorite pastime for family and friends.<br />Old shoes, there is a lot of such material in every family. These will be wonderful planters and flowerpots for your favorite flowers. Such decorations will look great not only on the playground, but also on the porch, bench, and also on the fence. Even in the middle of the lawn, such a shoe with flowers will look very impressive. Children are delighted with such an idea and are happy to give away even their old sports shoes.<br />Dishes - there will be no limit to your violent imagination. Any old plates, basins, broken cups will be transformed before our eyes, it is worth taking paints and a brush in your hands and not holding back your imagination.<br />Cheerful and bright decorations and compositions from old dishes, located in various, most unexpected places - on a bench, in a garden, in a greenhouse, along a path or a fence, will make your garden much more comfortable and lively.<br />Furniture. Nowadays, it has become fashionable to use for decoration in the garden, to use furniture that can no longer be restored. A chest of drawers, a chair or a nightstand, installed on the territory and painted in bright colors, will become an original detail of a homely cozy garden, and the flowers planted in them will only add decorativeness to the image.<br />Ampelous plants are mainly planted in chests of drawers open with a step, and planters are added to a chair without a seat, as well as they are hung on the back of such a chair.<br />In addition to standard furniture, you can use a bed, a piano, a bathtub, and even a typewriter for these purposes. All that is needed is to create a protective layer on the product, after which, adding earth, plant unpretentious flowers.<br /><br />This video is educational in nature! Author of the channel &quot;100 Ideas!&quot; demonstrates garden decor from old furniture and things and explains their merits.<br />We made significant changes to our content using Movavi Video Suite 18 video editor, edited several  ideas (image) in a specific order to reveal the creator's creative intent, and overlaid audio track with our instructions and free music  YouTube.<br /><br />#garden <br />#backyard<br />#furniture{% endraw %}
