---
title: "A Strong German Leader Is Imminent (2022)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/eVujl4oDLrA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "eVujl4oDLrA"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Strong","German","Leader"]
date: "2022-02-12T16:50:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-11T18:36:45Z"
duration: "PT24M28S"
viewcount: "2150"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Key of David"
---
{% raw %}Germany dominates Europe. But the nation lacks just one asset: a strong leader. Prove that Germany is about to get a strong leader—and that he will shake the nations—next, on The Key of David, with Gerald Flurry.<br /><br />ORDER FREE LITERATURE:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.thetrumpet.com/literature_requests/origin?product_ids=525,2384,2338">https://www.thetrumpet.com/literature_requests/origin?product_ids=525,2384,2338</a><br /><br />LEARN MORE ABOUT GERALD FLURRY: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.thetrumpet.com/gerald-flurry">https://www.thetrumpet.com/gerald-flurry</a><br /><br />Germany has started both World Wars and is poised to start one more. But it still needs a strong leader. Request our free booklet A Strong German Leader Is Imminent to discover how this leader will take power. Prove that the rise of a German strongman will fulfill Bible prophecy. Learn about the bloody tradition that will inspire the next German strongman. Realize that Germany is about to lead the world into war one last time. Understand how the alarm of war is leading to the trumpet blast announcing the Second Coming of Jesus Christ!<br />Also request our free book The Holy Roman Empire in Prophecy. The coming German strongman will lead the seventh and final resurrection of the Holy Roman Empire. But how did we get this far? How has this empire survived and terrorized the world for so long? Study The Holy Roman Empire in Prophecy to expose the evil spirit force that has propelled this empire for more than a millennium. Historically, the Holy Roman Empire ruled a diverse group of scattered peoples. There was only one way to unite them: by the power of a great false church.<br />Prove that your Bible has specifically foretold the first six resurrections of the Holy Roman Empire already. You can know that the seventh one will occur just as the Bible reveals!<br />Learn about each of the resurrections of the Holy Roman Empire: its strengths, weaknesses, motivations, and impact on mankind. Learn the lessons of this history to avoid repeating it!<br />You will also receive a free copy of Gerald Flurry’s booklet Daniel Unlocks Revelation. Both Daniel and Revelation are packed with prophecy about the Holy Roman Empire. Understand the Bible’s warning about the great false church uniting with the Holy Roman Empire for one last worldwide rampage. Discover the law of cause and effect that makes such punishment necessary. Unlock the timeline of end-time world events preceding the best news ever: the return of our Savior to save us from ourselves!<br />All our literature is available free of charge, at no cost or obligation to you. Request A Strong German Leader Is Imminent, The Holy Roman Empire in Prophecy, and Daniel Unlocks Revelation. Order now!{% endraw %}
