---
title: "TOP 10 COUNTRIES WITH STRONGEST ARMY IN AFRICA 2022"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/w6rYlMPM7Gw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "w6rYlMPM7Gw"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["As a matter of fact","strongest army in Africa","top 10"]
date: "2022-04-03T21:52:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-03T18:00:13Z"
duration: "PT11M46S"
viewcount: "9"
likeCount: "1"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "As a matter of fact"
---
{% raw %}Global Fire Power is a leading source of information relating to military forces. Interesting findings from the organization reveal that Africa is a hot spot of power in the modern world. Global Fire Power concluded this fact after assessing 140 nations, among them 36 from Africa.<br />News about the strongest military in Africa 2022 continues to challenge everything we have always known about the continent.<br />Which country has the strongest army in Africa? Africa has had some great warriors in the past. Today, military ranking takes into account a series of criteria to ensure only the best make it onto the list.<br />While there are several methods involved in determining an armed force's success and strength, the following are crucial in making a conclusion.<br />The number of jet fighters The presence of a powerful naval force Flexibility when it comes to logistics, Availability of fuel for military operations The number of members serving in the army unit, National budgetary funds are used to fund defense.<br />Despite these measures, many countries defy the odds. Countries reveal what they want to let the public know, but a lot is left unknown. Therefore, this list is not according to the GFP but the actual facts on the ground.<br />We therefore make our list not only based on the above measures but also using inside Intel from different countries.<br />ETHIOPIA<br />Ethiopia is ranked 60 out of the 138 countries that have been surveyed.<br />Global Firepower does not penalize a country for being landlocked and not possessing a naval force. <br />The EDF, or Ethiopian Defense Forces, budget is $350,000,000. <br />Kenya<br />For 2022, Kenya is ranked 81 out of 142 countries considered for the annual GFP review. It holds a PwrIndx* score of 1.5252.<br />Kenya has one of the most powerful militaries in Africa despite ranking outside the top 10 in the 2022 rankings by GFP.<br />Kenya's GFP ranks ahead of all East African countries, and this is possibly because of a hefty budget that is spent on their defense. The country spends north of 1 billion USD.<br />Libya<br />Libya is ranked 80 out of the 138 countries that were surveyed for the GFP.<br />The Libyans also spent a massive $3,000,000,000 on their defense budget and, therefore, could still manage to protect their territory very easily once attacked.<br />ANGOLA<br />Angola is ranked 56 out of the 138 countries that were surveyed.<br />The Angolan Armed Forces have been fortunate enough to be part of a large development plan etched out by the current political forces in power.<br />The astounding budget for defense by Angola is $7,000,000,000, but experience is not on their side.<br />NIGERIA<br />Nigeria is ranked 42 out of the 138 countries analyzed.<br />The huge budget set aside for the defense of Nigeria is $2,155,000,000, but the bokoharam issue has affected their rankings on this list.<br />UGANDA. For 2022, Uganda is ranked 92 out of 142 countries considered for the annual GFP review. It holds a PwrIndx* score of 2.2436.<br />According to GFP, Uganda, like other countries, is ranked outside the top 10 . Uganda has approximately 40,000 soldiers, but is this what you want to believe? Uganda, in the actual sense, has over and over 500,000 and sends north of 9 billion to its defense every year.<br />MOROCCO<br />Morocco is ranked 57 out of the 138 countries that were analyzed.<br />The Royal Moroccan Armed Forces are heavily reliant on foreign military supplies. <br />Morocco spends an astounding $10,000,000,000 on its defense budget.<br />SOUTH AFRICA<br />South Africa is ranked 29 out of the 138 countries surveyed.<br />This country's military can be compared with other developed European nations. Although their military front line personnel are less than 100,000, their equipment is world-class and of the latest technology.<br />The Republic of South Africa allocates an incredible $4,278,000,000 to its defense spending.<br /> <br />ALGERIA. Algeria is ranked 28 out of the 138 countries surveyed.<br />Algeria is arguably Africa's top spender on defense. The country's front line personnel number over 127,000 troops,.<br />The generous budget set aside for the defense of Algeria is $13,000,000,000.<br />EGYPT<br />Egypt is ranked 9th out of the 138 countries surveyed and, by all means and means, has the best army in Africa.<br />Its massive 500,000 active front-line personnel far outnumber all of its African counterparts.<br />The Egyptian government allocates $11,200,000,000 for its defense spending. #rayalmoroccanarmy#strongestarmyinafrica#egyptianarmy#egyptiandefenseforces,ugandadefenseforces#top10#southafricanforces#kenyadefenseforces#updf#kdf#libyadefenseforces#libyaarmy#angoladefenseforces{% endraw %}
