---
title: "30 Terrifying Animals You are so Glad are Extinct"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/EEz94KKCdAM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "EEz94KKCdAM"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["extinct animals","recently extinct animals","extinct animals alive"]
date: "2022-05-20T15:09:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-16T17:23:20Z"
duration: "PT16M46S"
viewcount: "2818083"
likeCount: "16288"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ultimate Fact"
---
{% raw %}Extinction is a very serious issue facing our world today. However, when it comes to some of these extinct animals, we have to admit, we're kind of glad they’re gone. If you have a phobia for bugs, worms or snakes, you will be unhappy to know our ancestors faced and survived worst creatures. Today, let’s check out top 30 terrifying animals we are so glad are extinct. <br />1. Andrewsarchus<br />These scary animals lived during the Eocene Epoch age, 45 to 36 million years ago. They were giant carnivorous mammals, at 1.8 meters in height and 3.6 meters in length. According to paleontologists, the animals could have weighed up to 1.8 metric tons, making them the largest predators among the mammals on land.  They had a complete set of placental dental formula that comprised 3 incisors, 1 canine, 4 premolars and 3 molars in each side of its jaws. Meaning they were entelodonts. <br />2. Deinosuchus<br />Sounds like suckers of dinosaurs. I wonder why. This scary monster is an extinct animal similar to modern day alligators and crocodiles. It lived between 80 and 73 million years ago, during the Cretaceous period. Measuring up to 12 meters in length and weighing 6.5 metric tons, this giant crocodile had large, sharp teeth. Deinosuchus was capable of eating large dinosaurs. It also had a preference for sea turtles, fish, and other aquatic and terrestrial prey.<br />3. Dunkleosteus<br />This extinct creature was a large carnivorous fish, which lived 380 to 360 million years ago, during the Late Devonian period. It was an efficient and voracious predator thanks to its size. A Dunkleosteus could reach up to 10 meters in length and weigh 4 metric tons. On the bright side, despite its enormous size, its head and chest were covered with articulated armored plates, which made it a slow but very powerful swimmer.<br />4. Arthropleura<br />This wild animal was the largest species of invertebrate of its time. It lived 340 to 280 million years ago, from the Lower Carboniferous Period to the lower Permian Period, in today’s North America. Despite its massive 2-meter-frame, the Arthropleura was not a carnivorous predator, but herbivore. I’m talking about a worm. Indeed a potential subject for a thriller Reddit story. Fossilized footprints from Arthropleura have been found in many places. They appear as long, parallel rows of small prints, which show that it moved quickly across the forest floor, swerving to avoid obstacles, such as trees and rocks.<br />Let’s canter on.<br />5.  Arctodus<br />This short-faced bear, is an extinct wild animal that inhabited North America during the Pleistocene period. It is one of the most recent creatures on the list, as it roamed the Earth until 11,000 years ago. Despite this, its size is characteristic of prehistoric animals. The Arctodus could reach 3.5 meters in height when standing, and weighed more than 1 metric ton. Like many other large Pleistocene animals, the short-faced bear lost much of its food supply with the arrival of humans in the Americas. Thank you Americans. I mean it.<br />6. Megalodon<br />The Megalodon is a massive prehistoric ocean animal that lived between 2 and 1.5 million years ago during the Early Miocene to the Pliocene era. Its name means “big tooth”, and you can imagine why. Thanks to its incredible size of up to 18 meters, it is considered one of the largest and most powerful predators that ever existed on Earth. It could weigh up to 65 metric tons, looked like a giant, more terrifying version of the modern great white shark, and could be found worldwide.<br />7. Titanoboa<br />Currently, the largest snake on Earth is the green anaconda, with a length of 6 to 9 meters and 180 to 250 kilograms in weight. However, 58 million years ago, during the Paleocene age, the now extinct Titanoboa roamed this Earth. It was the largest and heaviest snake of its time. Researchers estimate that the Titanoboa could measure up to 12 meters in length and weighed approximately 1.1 metric tons. Their diet generally consisted of crocodiles and turtles. Bon a petit, titanic Boa.<br />8. Cameroceras<br />This sea and ocean monster was an ancient and giant ancestor of modern squids and octopus. It lived in the Ordovician era, 470 to 460 million years ago, especially in the ocean. The most distinctive features of the mollusk were the huge cone-like shells and tentacles which it used to trap fish and other sea creatures for dinner. It weighed roughly 900 kilograms or 2,000 pounds, and measured 6 to 12 meters or 20 to 40 feet.<br />Which ones freaked you the most? What will you do if they came back? Share your thoughts in the comments section.<br />#UltimateFact #Facts #ExtinctAnimals{% endraw %}
