---
title: "13 |  1 Chronicles  {KJV AUDIO BIBLE with TEXT} Read by Alexander Scourby"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/5lw_e0hLH2U\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "5lw_e0hLH2U"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["bible verses","bible app","the holy bible app"]
date: "2022-05-16T12:51:27+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-21T22:10:38Z"
duration: "PT1H54M19S"
viewcount: "3696"
likeCount: "76"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Scourby YouBible Channel"
---
{% raw %}<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://YouBible.net">https://YouBible.net</a> {AUDIO BIBLE with TEXT} Enjoy Alexander Scourby's Bible Reading of all 66 books of the King James Bible with simultaneously hearing and reading, called Bi-modal Immersion, that boosts understanding, memorization, and retention. If you like the Scourby Bible Readings, please subscribe, like, and share them with others. Continual blessings as you hear and read his Words of TRUTH AND LOVE.<br /> <br />A SHORT PROPHETIC WORD, about how you, as ONE, can be a part in the fulfillment of PROPHECY today. <br /><br />Please read the following key verses relating to the Prophecy of Jesus in John 17. In Mark 16:15, Jesus said this: “Go ye into all the WORLD, and preach the gospel to every creature.” (that’s EVERY ONE) Two Thousand years ago, to carry out Jesus's request, it had to be done in person, by walking or riding a donkey. However, today it can be done from the comfort of your home, using your mobile device. <br /><br />The relevant Prophecy is found in the 26 verses in John 17. The entire chapter is Jesus' final prayer to God, just before being crucified. In that prayer Jesus asked God to do specific things for those who would follow, that included the ONES following Jesus today. <br /><br />In John 17:21, Jesus asked God: “That they all may be ONE; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be ONE in us: that the WORLD may believe that thou hast sent me.&quot; <br /><br />To be clear the them are the followers of Christ today.  Jesus asked God four times in John 17: 11-21-22-23, to make them one. In verse 23, Jesus asked God: “I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made PERFECT IN ONE and that the world may know that thou hast sent me”.<br /><br />PERFECT is a high bar, begging the question, would Jesus ask God for something impossible to accomplish? I think not, yet, the Prophecy in John 17, as of today, has not been fulfilled. Could this be the time for its fulfillment? Many believe so. If so then how? <br /><br />For the how, we need only to look to big Tech. YouTube, Google, Facebook, Twitter, and others, have created vast digital platforms that carry digital videos and audios to billions. Everyone reading this, are already using those platforms. Scourby Bible Media has created Digital VIDEo of the AUDIO Bible with TEXT, read by Alexander Scourby, to run on those platforms.<br /><br />Users need only to connect to these platforms to share the digital Bible.  The multiplier VIRAL effect will do the rest, as billions begin sharing God's digital WORD around the WORLD, that would become the PROPHETIC fulfillment of John 17.  Never before has that been possible, but today it is.  A journey of a thousand miles begins with ONE step, sharing starts with ONE share, YOU, as a “ONE’, can start sharing today!  Below is the playlists and individual videos you can share.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyH3jcNYnj_vee7HfFWgGmcW2E3qdsHLi">https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyH3jcNYnj_vee7HfFWgGmcW2E3qdsHLi</a> <br /><br />Open above link, below the headline is a share ICON that has all the social media sites. Select the &quot;ONE&quot; you’re on and start sharing. It's that simple! <br /><br />Jesus didn’t have the internet 2000 years ago, but the spirit of Jesus is in his people today, and they are using this technology.  The stage is set for Jesus' revelatory message of TRUTH and LOVE to reach “every creature” TODAY, which will be the fulfillment of the PROPHECY in John 17. <br /><br />Jesus said this to God in John 17:8: “For I have given unto them the words which thou gavest me; and they have received them, and they have believed that thou didst send me”. We highly recommend the hearing and reading of the entire PROPHETIC chapter of John 17 on the above playlist. <br /><br />There are over 300 videos on the Scourby YouBible Channel, all having a SHARE BUTTON, and just waiting for YOU to start sharing them. <br /><br />In a recent poll with our YouTube Subscribers, 70% said they spend more than 20 hours per week, listening to the Scourby Audio Bible Recordings on our YouTube Channel. If YOU took just a little time daily to share his Word to every ONE in YOUR community network, the VIRAL effect would be huge. All that's required is a vision, concentration, and perseverance. <br /><br />We conclude with the power of three Bible Verses: <br /><br />“Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.” Romans. 10:17 <br />“Thy Word is a lamp unto my feet and light unto my path.” Psalm 119:105.” <br />“Make them one as you and I are one” John17: 11-21-22- 23. <br /><br />Many blessings as you continue to hear and “share” his Word. Decide today to share his Word, and start fulfilling prophecy! <br /><br />Scourby Bible Media <br />Scourby YouBible Channel <br />info@scourby.com <br /><br />Copyright (C) Litchfield Associates, all rights reserved, <br />Unauthorized Duplication and Downloading Prohibited <br /><br />PS: Personal downloads of a Scourby YouBible App, or Mp3 Audio Bible, can be obtained at www.youbible.net. <br /><br />IPHONE USERS can download BIBLE AUDIO Apps for APPLE DEVICES at: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/scourby-youbible/id524402839">https://apps.apple.com/us/app/scourby-youbible/id524402839</a>{% endraw %}
