---
title: "Opening Your Game to New Players Without Difficulty Levels"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/lEynP6oBmfA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "lEynP6oBmfA"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["Peter Bytes","Peter Byte","Elden Ring"]
date: "2022-04-09T10:05:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-08T16:15:05Z"
duration: "PT5M23S"
viewcount: "3"
likeCount: "2"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Peter Bytes"
---
{% raw %}I often see these opinion pieces on how every game should have multiple difficulty modes to make a game more accessible, and I don't think that's the best way to go about it. I think there's much better ways to improve accessibility and open your game to new players. A lot of games have these artificial difficulty modes, almost nothing in the gameplay changes between easy, normal, or hard - you just take more or less damage globally. These kind of artificial difficulty modes are a bit lazy and don't feel great to play compared to each other. While games like Elden Ring, tailor the game around one difficulty. And they play to the strengths of everyone having very similar relatable experiences.<br /><br />00:00 - Artificial Difficulty Modes<br />00:35 - RPGS<br />01:14 - Souls Summoning System<br />01:55 - Game Designing for different Gamer Styles<br />03:15 - Customisation, Keybinds, User Interface, and Accessibility<br />04:30 - Extra Challenges and Thoughts<br /><br /><br /><br />💎Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/Peter3pg">https://twitter.com/Peter3pg</a><br /><br />🔔 Subscribe: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpStbJ2ZipCSWcK_JWmRMYw/?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpStbJ2ZipCSWcK_JWmRMYw/?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br /><br /><br />#EldenRing #GameDifficulty #Accessibility<br /><br />One of my favourite game genres is the RPG - as in Role Playing Game, Final Fantasy, Persona, even Dark Souls and Elden Ring are all RPGs. RPGs can naturally be very accessible games through the levelling up system. While most games only allow you get better through improving your own skills, in RPGs your characters also become stronger and level up.<br />If you find something difficult in an RPG you can take the time to grind some experience points and over level your character to make things easier.<br />I think it's great this is an option but not everyone is a fan of grinding, it can be a bit boring or repetative and some players will feel like they have to grind just to be prepared for what might be ahead.<br /><br />Souls games are notorious for their difficulty but a lot of players might not realise all of the game's features available to them. There's the summoning system that lets you summon other players or AI to help you progress the game and tackle big bosses. Summoning can make a massive difference and is often dubbed an invisible &quot;Easy Mode,&quot; with some players challenging themselves not to summon help as an extra fun challenge.<br />Rather than souls games being too hard, I think it's more a problem that a lot player's aren't aware of how summons work. You'll usually need to use an obscure item to even be able to see potential summons. But that said, Elden Ring takes strides to improve the accessibility of summoning by adding an all new multiplayer interface and easier access to pools of players willing to help each other.<br /><br />In our gaming worlds we take in information and learn through visuals, audio, and by being active in our surroundings, a good game will design challenges with these different elements in mind.<br />A game boss will often visually telegraph their attack by big colourful hit boxes or the boss might adopt a special stance to show it's about to do a certain attack. <br />Some games will go one step further and also have audio queues that more audio focused players will pick up on. Maybe an enemy or boss will shout out a catchphrase which is a way of audio telegraphing what attack or ability is about to be used. If you're playing Overwatch and hear, &quot;It's High Noon&quot; you know what that means and you're going to want to run or jump for cover. Every Overwatch character has been designed with iconic dialogue and even unique footstep sound effects to tell them apart without the need to visualise them.<br />By having a game telegraph actions through multiple forms of information like visuals, audio cues, and even vibrations in a controller - you're designing a more accessible game, not just to the average players but also people with visual and hearing difficulties or disabilities.<br />Some gamers will be more active and prefer jumping right into the action, so when designing a game encounter you don't just throw players in the deep end. Good game design will preview a mechanic before testing players with the mechanic or putting a spin on it. <br />It's all about designing fairer difficulties and giving different types of players a more level playing field.<br />-<br />Sometimes just little extra options in the game menu's can go a long way into making a game more accessible and level the playing field when it comes to difficulties.<br />Simple things like allowing players to customise their keybinds and move or resize user interface elements make a massive difference in helping everyone play better or more comfortably.<br />I struggle when User Interface elements are in all four corners of the screen and I can't take all the information in at once while also focusing in on my character. Games like the Division 2, World of Warcraft, and Final Fantasy allow me to adjust my user interface and I'll usually compress everything so I can take in all the important information in at once.{% endraw %}
