---
title: "STOP MINING PI | DELETE YOUR PI ACCOUNT | LOCKUP"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/7KWXqcXqSkg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "7KWXqcXqSkg"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["STOP MINING PI","PI","PI NETWORK"]
date: "2022-03-13T19:31:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-13T12:00:20Z"
duration: "PT9M39S"
viewcount: "889"
likeCount: "140"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "BASIC KNOWLEDGE"
---
{% raw %}STOP MINING PI, DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT NOW. LOCK UP. PI WILL MAKE YOU A MILLIONAIRE, HOW?<br /><br />I have listened to a lot of people talk about how they missed the opportunity with Bitcoin in the early days. Yet they find it difficult to simply click on the mining button on the Pi App. How else do you identify an opportunity? If you know a better way,  feel free to drop a comment in the comment section and educate us. Some people will not identify opportunity,  even if it follows them around like their shadow. Wake up! !,  opportunities don't carry a sign around. You have to be the one to identify it and take it. Is that clear enough or do you need me to write it out and stick it somewhere on the screen? Fine. I will do just that. I have also heard people say this. How can an individual have so many Pi,  that simply means it will not have value at all. I laugh in Spanish. Have you heard about the gentleman who bought Pizza with 10,000 Bitcoin in the early days? I will introduce him to you,  just for the heck of it,  and besides,  it will drive my point home. In 2010, Laszlo Hanyecz spent 10,000 Bitcoins at a local pizza restaurant called Papa John's to buy himself two pizzas.  Back then his Bitcoins were worth only $40. But,  since the cryptocurrency wasn't yet a thing in the commercial world, Hanyecz reached out to the Bitcointalk community and openly traded his Bitcoins to anyone who would buy him these pizzas. Considering Bitcoin's value today,  You would agree with me that these two pizzas can be regarded as the costliest pizzas of all time. My point is this, As in 2010, when the value of bitcoin was $40, he had 10,000 bitcoin to spend. That means there other people who had more bitcoin than he did. So why raise dust when you see or hear that someone in the Pi network has more than 50,000 PI. To buttress my point further, Have you not noticed that the mining rate has reduced drastically? Not really because the mining was halved,  but because apart from that, an additional digit was added after the decimal point.  Making it more difficult to mine a single Pi coin. this trend will continue every month going forward. This means it will become increasingly difficult to mine Pi as we progress,  and this will be sooner than later. Moral of the story. Mine while you can. for those of you who thought this phrase was a trending quote from the pi CORE Team, I have news for you. It was a warning to earn and gain what you can before the more serious mining business begins. Because of you,  they have changed it to this, Mine before the next drop! In case you still don't get it. This is a warning!  <br /><br />======================================================<br />PI REFERRAL CODE: BUKASSI<br />======================================================<br />Join this channel to get access to perks:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKUp6__AQTrKwi6fxOOmDsQ/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKUp6__AQTrKwi6fxOOmDsQ/join</a><br /><br />#PI #PINETWORK #PIDAY #CRYPTO #PIMILLIONAIRE #314PI #LOCKUP #BITCOIN #MINING{% endraw %}
