---
title: "MANIFEST Anything While You Sleep Meditation ~ Listen Nightly"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/u0yARjfPRE8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "u0yARjfPRE8"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["manifest","manifest meditation","sleep meditation"]
date: "2022-04-25T11:57:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-02-10T02:00:07Z"
duration: "PT3H4M"
viewcount: "4080964"
likeCount: "48355"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dauchsy"
---
{% raw %}How to MANIFEST Anything While You Sleep ~ Listen Nightly<br /><br />Buy Mp3 Here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://dauchsymeditations.com/products/manifest-anything-while-you-sleep-meditation-listen-nightly">https://dauchsymeditations.com/products/manifest-anything-while-you-sleep-meditation-listen-nightly</a> <br /><br />This sleep meditation will show you the way to manifest anything you want in life. It will guide you, step by step, on how to truly create your desired world around you.<br />The following, are the very important steps you need to take in manifesting what you want.<br />First, you need to choose what you want. This may seem obvious to you, but the truth is, most people drift around not ever truly knowing what they want in life. When you do make a choice, make sure it’s something you truly want, because it’s about to be a part of your life. <br />Be specific. You need to be very clear and specific as to what you want to manifest. Do not become distracted by the HOW. That does not matter. Just Focus on exactly what you want <br />Don’t be afraid to aim high. If you aim for the stars, don’t be surprised when you reach them.   <br />Remove all doubt and replace it with the unwavering faith and belief that you are receiving what you are asking for.<br />Visualize a clear picture in your mind. Seeing yourself already having what you want. Feeling as if you already have what you want.<br /><br />These are the steps I will be guiding you through in this meditation.<br />Don’t be fooled into thinking this is all merely wishful thinking or comes from outside supernatural forces. This ability is within all of us. This power comes from our own subconscious mind. The reason this is to be done right before sleep is because your subconscious mind is the most open to suggestion just as you are falling asleep and while you are asleep. You are literally giving your mind the blueprints of what you want to manifest in your life. And it will create exactly what you put on those blueprints.<br /> Repetition is of utmost importance. To ingrain the thoughts and beliefs you want into your subconscious mind, it needs to be repeated. A good time frame is around 30 days. Listen to this meditation for 30 nights as you fall asleep and I will tell you exactly what will happen. You will have unbelievable opportunities fall into your lap. You will have amazing breakthrough ideas come to you like bolts of lightning. Your job at this point is simple. TAKE ACTION! You will be guided the entire way. All you have to do is take action. You will literally come to the point where it will feel like you are living in the twilight zone, because what you will see in your reality will be exactly what you first created in your mind. The feeling is very surreal. And when it happens to you, I assure you, you will have no further doubts about the amazing ability that you have inside you.{% endraw %}
