---
title: "A huge late run gives Olympiacos road win! | Round 19, Highlights | Turkish Airlines EuroLeague"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/iZcKo-LVWz4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "iZcKo-LVWz4"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Turkish Airlines EuroLeague","Regular Season","Round 19"]
date: "2022-03-17T19:24:27+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-15T20:28:45Z"
duration: "PT4M1S"
viewcount: "29062"
likeCount: "455"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "EUROLEAGUE BASKETBALL"
---
{% raw %}Olympiacos Piraeus survived a major back-and-forth battle with Zalgiris Kaunas in grabbing a 73-84 victory on the road in a Round 19 makeup game. The Reds started the fourth quarter on a 2-11 run to grab control of the game and secure their fifth win in the last six games for a 17-10 record. Kostas Papanikolaou scored a season-high 18 points to lead five scorers in double figures. Zalgiris had won four of its last five games but could not get another upset and fell to 7-21.<br /><br /><br />ABOUT EUROLEAGUE BASKETBALL <br /><br />Euroleague Basketball (EB) is a global leader in the sports and entertainment business, devoted to running the top European competitions of professional basketball clubs under a unique and innovative organizational model. Owned and administered by some of the most successful and historic clubs in the world, EB manages the continent’s two premier men’s basketball competitions, the Turkish Airlines EuroLeague and the 7DAYS EuroCup, as well as the sport’s premier under-18 showcase, the EB Adidas Next Generation Tournament.<br /><br />The EB competitions bring the elite of European basketball to all five continents and to the entire sports community through the OTT platform EuroLeague TV. EB also organizes a series of community and educational activities, led by the One Team program, in alignment with the United Nations Agenda 2030 Sustainable Development Goals. On the academic side, the EB Sports Business MBA trains future professionals in sports management.<br /><br />About One Team<br />One Team, Euroleague Basketball's corporate social responsibility (CSR) program , supported by Turkish Airlines as the One Team Founding Patron and with the collaboration of Special Olympics as Proud Partner, uses basketball to achieve real social impact in our communities. With an innovative model of interconnectedness across an entire continent, Euroleague Basketball and its clubs have developed a complete CSR program that brings together activities from each team in an integrated, impactful way, working under the theme of &quot;community integration&quot; that actively addresses targets of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 10 on Reduced Inequalities. Each participating club develops a specific One Team project tailored to its own community needs to benefit groups in danger of exclusion due to problems such as substance abuse and gender, physical or intellectual disability. Since its founding in 2012, the One Team program has reached already directly and indirectly more than 23,000 participants through its various team projects.{% endraw %}
