---
title: "Elon Musk GOT THREATENED AGAIN By Putin: \"I Am Coming For You Next!''"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CGJGF6GqqAk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CGJGF6GqqAk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["elon musk","elon musk twitter","elon musk interview"]
date: "2022-05-04T08:30:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-03T19:15:00Z"
duration: "PT8M38S"
viewcount: "10061"
likeCount: "644"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "SpaceX Live"
---
{% raw %}Elon Musk GOT THREATENED AGAIN By Putin  &quot;I Am Coming For You Next!''<br /><br />🔔 Subscribe now with all notifications on for more Elon Musk, SpaceX and Tesla videos!<br /><br />In some way or another, the war between Russia and Ukraine has somehow impacted almost every single country in the world. Even after this, countries and individuals are still helping Ukraine to fight back against Russian aggression. However, there is one individual who actually got threatened by Russia but is still helping Ukraine after that, and that individual is none other than Elon Musk. As a matter of fact, he challenged Putin to a fight with him. Surprising, right?<br /><br />Earlier this month, Elon Musk challenged Russian President Vladimir Putin<br />to a one-handed fistfight over Ukraine's future. In the end, though, the<br />entrepreneur's real contribution to the defense of the besieged country is<br />his efforts to keep Ukrainians online with shipments of satellite Internet<br />service from Starlink. As you know, SpaceX's arm, Starlink, is part of Musk's space company, SpaceX. This service makes use of terminals that look like TV dishes with antennas and are mounted on roofs to provide Internet access via satellite in rural areas where there is no access to the Internet.<br /><br />During the Ukraine war, the country faced Russian cyberattacks and shelling that could take down the Internet, so the country needed a backup<br />plan. So Mykhailo Fedorov, the country's minister of digital transformation,<br />tweeted Musk and asked him to send help. And the superhero Musk replied just hours later: “Starlink service is now active in Ukraine. More terminals en route.”<br /><br />📺 Watch the entire video for more information!<br /><br />#Elonmusk #Russia #Putin #SpaceX #Starlink <br />_____________________________________________________<br /><br />About Space Live<br />🎥 Videos about Elon Musk, SpaceX, Tesla and more<br />🎨 Written, voiced and produced by Space Live<br />🔔 Subscribe now for more Elon Musk, SpaceX and Tesla videos<br /><br />Watch More from Space Live<br />🟢 Elon Musk News: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnEXUfPoD0wpm_jCO3qAoF-INE8csb4sf">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnEXUfPoD0wpm_jCO3qAoF-INE8csb4sf</a><br />🟠 SpaceX News: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnEXUfPoD0wrfwZLaJyNqjjEaxPiUuy7p">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnEXUfPoD0wrfwZLaJyNqjjEaxPiUuy7p</a><br />🔴 Tesla News: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnEXUfPoD0wqaY9rit0Tunko-q0mrFrCz">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnEXUfPoD0wqaY9rit0Tunko-q0mrFrCz</a><br /><br />_____________________________________________________<br /><br />💼 Business Inquiries and Contact<br />• For business inquiries, copyright matters or other inquiries please contact us at: spacelive0101@gmail.com.<br /><br />❓ Copyright Questions<br />• If you have any copyright questions or issues you can contact us at spacelive0101@gmail.com.<br /><br />⚠️ Copyright Disclaimers<br />• We use images and content in accordance with the YouTube Fair Use copyright guidelines<br />• Section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Act states: “Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright.” <br />• This video could contain certain copyrighted video clips, pictures, or photographs that were not specifically authorized to be used by the copyright holder(s), but which we believe in good faith are protected by federal law and the fair use doctrine for one or more of the reasons noted above.{% endraw %}
