---
title: "Gratitude - I Am Thankful - Binaural Beats & Isochronic Tones (Subliminal Messages)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/WIJVm77jDbc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "WIJVm77jDbc"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["get","What","You"]
date: "2022-06-09T07:16:31+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-04-07T15:25:11Z"
duration: "PT9H35M31S"
viewcount: "663843"
likeCount: "12049"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Minds in Unison"
---
{% raw %}Disclaimer: This recording should not be used as a substitute for any medical care you may be receiving. Click 'show more' below to read the full disclaimer. This MP3 is now available to DOWNLOAD 🎵 *** <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindsinunison.com/hypnosis-mp3-downloads">https://mindsinunison.com/hypnosis-mp3-downloads</a> ***🎵 Click to DOWNLOAD the MP3.<br /><br />Full disclaimer: This recording along with any other recordings on this channel should not be used as a substitute for any medical care you may be receiving. You should always refer to a doctor when necessary. Do not listen while driving or operating machinery, only listen in a place where you can relax and let go. If you need any help or advice, please contact me via my website at: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindsinunison.com/contact-me">https://mindsinunison.com/contact-me</a><br /><br />This recording uses both Binaural Beats &amp; Isochronic Tones.<br /><br />This recording starts at a frequency of 2.75 hz (Delta) and slowly decreases over the course of 45 minutes, down to a frequency of 2.00 hz (Delta) for the remainder of the recording. This recording also contains subliminal messages. You will find the list of subliminal messages below.<br /><br />FAQ's<br /><br />Q. Are headphones required?<br /><br />A. Isochronic Tones &amp; Subliminal Messages can be absorbed with or without headphones, so users can listen without headphones if they wish. However, headphones are recommended in order to benefit from the Binaural Beats.<br /><br />Q. Do I listen while sleeping or awake?<br /><br />A. You can listen to this recording whilst asleep or awake, both methods are equally as effective.<br /><br />Q. Can I listen while driving, or when I’m at work?<br /><br />A. No. You should refrain from doing anything that requires concentration such as the operation of machinery or driving. This is for your own safety as some people may experience temporary drowsiness. I recommend that you listen while sleeping, relaxing, meditating, or enjoying activities such as drawing or reading.<br /><br />Here is a list of all the subliminal affirmations/messages in this recording.<br /><br />I am grateful for everything I have<br /> <br />Thank you for the body I have<br /> <br />I am so grateful for the food I eat each day<br /> <br />I am so thankful for the freedom I have to live my life<br /> <br />Thank you for the air I breathe<br /> <br />Thank you for the water I drink<br /> <br />Thank you for the forests and the trees <br /> <br />Thank you for the oceans and the rivers<br /> <br />Thank you for the stars in the sky<br /> <br />Thank you for my mind, which allows me to think and feel<br /> <br />I am so grateful for the gift of sight<br /> <br />Thank you for my life<br /> <br />I am so thankful to be alive<br /> <br />I am so thankful to be on this earth right now<br /> <br />Thank you for all the amazing experiences I have had<br /> <br />Thank you for the bright future I have ahead of me<br /> <br />Thank you for this moment right now<br /> <br />Thank you for my hands, my legs, my arms, and every part of my body<br /> <br />Thank you for every second of every day<br /> <br />Thank you for the joy I experience<br /> <br />Thank you for the sunshine that nourishes this earth and every being on it<br /> <br />Thank you for the rain that falls<br /> <br />Thank you for my ability to imagine and dream<br /> <br />Thank you for my beating heart<br /> <br />Thank you for my incredible mind<br /> <br />Thank you for my ability to smile and laugh<br /> <br />Thank you for all the beauty in the world<br /> <br />I am so grateful for all the opportunities I have<br /> <br />I am so grateful for my ability to love and to care for others<br /> <br />I am so thankful for my ability to feel empathy<br /> <br />Helping others warms my heart<br /> <br />I am so grateful for all the simple yet beautiful things in this world<br /> <br />Thank you for the complex cells that make up my body<br /> <br />Thank you for making me unique<br /> <br />Thank you for the people in my life that are there for me<br /> <br />Thank you for the energy I have to live and be happy<br /> <br />Thank you for the courage I have to face any challenges<br /> <br />Thank you for making me stronger each and every day<br /> <br />Thank you for making me a powerful person that can do anything I wish<br /> <br />Thank you for my freedom <br /> <br />((((All of the above are repeated throughout the recording))))<br /><br />Subliminal messages, Binaural Beats, &amp; Isochronic Tones by <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.mindsinunison.com">http://www.mindsinunison.com</a> River sounds &amp; Royalty free music from pond5.com{% endraw %}
