---
title: "Gobble | Travel Series | Bazaar Travels | S01E04: Jaipur | Ft. Barkha Singh"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/h8MzocnmCyQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "h8MzocnmCyQ"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Jaipur shopping","Shopping in Jaipur","Jaipur travels"]
date: "2022-03-16T15:31:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-06-02T09:30:12Z"
duration: "PT10M58S"
viewcount: "2275623"
likeCount: "64377"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Gobble"
---
{% raw %}Gobble Travel presents Bazaar Travels Season 1<br /><br />Come, join us while you #StayHome and #StaySafe as we take you through a virtual shopping experience across the undiscovered bazaars of India. <br /><br />The show captures the journey of Barkha Singh who travels to some of India’s oldest, very unique, and most popular markets. Each of these markets are distinct and have been shopping destinations for decades. In a world where fast fashion is the norm, Bazaar Travels brings to the audience the best of handicrafts, artisans and local markets. It’s a great watch for those who love shopping tourism, budget shopping, and travel in general.<br /> #BarkhaSingh #BazaarTravels<br /><br />Stop 4: Jaipur. The capital of Rajasthan was built as one of the jewellery centres. The Pink City is home to the royals, grand palaces and stunning gemstones. Not just that, the close-knit bazaars of Jaipur are full of exquisite jewellery stores, Mojaris, bags, and more.  Join us on this episode of Bazaar travels to explore royal jewellery, embroidered Rajasthani outfits, beautiful turban work, and Jaipur’s awe striking Blue Pottery. <br /><br />Locations (in order of appearance): The Gem Palace, Johari Bazaar, Bapu Bazaar, Tourist Store, Badi Chopad, Jitender’s Safa Shop, Rana Saree Emporium, Jaipur Blue Pottery Art Centre, Sky Waltz Balloon Safari. <br /><br />This show was filmed before the national lockdown for COVID-19. We request you to stay indoors and practice social distancing during these times. <br /><br />A GOBBLE TRAVEL ORIGINAL SERIES<br /><br /><br />PRODUCERS<br />ASHWIN SURESH<br />ADITI SHRIVASTAVA<br />ANIRUDH PANDITA<br /><br />CO-PRODUCER<br />SONALIKA MEHRA<br /><br />CONCEPT &amp; PRODUCTION<br />FEEL MEDIA PRODUCTIONS<br /><br />DIRECTOR<br />UDIT JAWARANI<br /><br />CREATIVE DIRECTOR AND EXECUTIVE PRODUCER<br />KHUSHBOO BHADRECHA<br /><br />ASSOCIATE CREATIVE PRODUCER<br />RUMANI AGNIHOTRI<br /><br />HOST<br />BARKHA SINGH<br /><br />DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY<br />VASUKI SN<br />NIKUNJ SINGH<br />OMKAR PHATAK<br /><br />AERIAL CINEMATOGRAPHY<br />VASUKI SN<br /><br />EDITOR<br />AKASH BUNDHOO<br /><br />POST PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR<br />K. DODEJA<br /><br />PRODUCTION HEAD<br />INDERPREET OBEROI<br /><br />SCRIPT AND RESEARCH<br />SURYA RAGUNAATHAN<br /><br />POCKET ACES TEAM<br /><br /><br />MARKETING<br />JOANESCA MACHADO<br />PRITIKA MATHUR<br />SIMRAN LULLA<br />SUCHI VORA<br />ALISHA NAZARETH<br /><br />PR<br />ANKITA TULSHYAN<br /><br />DISTRIBUTION &amp; AUDIENCE GROWTH<br />VIJAY PRAKASH<br />SINDHU BISWAL<br /><br />CASTING<br />POCKET ACES TALENT<br />JUHI SINGH<br />SHRUTI DUTT GUPTA<br /><br />DESIGN &amp; ANIMATION<br />SASWAT MAHAPATRA<br />PARMJEET SINGH<br /><br />FINANCE<br />KUNAL LAKHARA<br />RUCHA MOKASHI<br />SUJEET JAISWAL<br /><br />LEGAL<br />GAYATHRI NAGENDRA<br /><br />DI<br />BHUSHAN MHATRE<br /><br />SOUND DESIGN &amp; MIXING<br />M. BAKSHI<br /><br />SOUND RECORDIST<br />KUNAL LOTLIKAR<br /><br />ASSISTANT PRODUCER<br />PRATHAM KUMAR<br /><br />TITLE SEQUENCE<br />SPACE CROCODILE<br /><br />HAIR &amp; MAKEUP<br />PAYAL KURANI<br /><br />STYLING<br />VIDHI RAMBHIA<br /><br />FASHION ASSISTANT<br />NIYATI KOTHI<br /><br />WARDROBE COURTESY<br />CHUMBAK<br />GULAAL<br />HAPPY SOLE<br />SANGEETA BOOCHRA<br />SHAYA<br /><br />FEEL MEDIA PRODUCTIONS ACCOUNTS TEAM<br />SANJESH JAWARANI &amp; CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS<br /><br />EQUIPMENT<br />VIDEO PLUS<br /><br />CAMERA ATTENDANTS<br />GOPI YADAV<br />UJJWAL LO<br /><br />SUBTITLING<br />LAXMINARAYAN SINGH<br /><br />SPECIAL THANKS<br />SURESH BHADRECHA<br /><br />PRODUCTION - KOLKATA<br />SHYAM AND TEAM<br /><br />MUSIC<br />EPIDEMIC SOUND<br />&quot;<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.epidemicsound.com&quot;">https://www.epidemicsound.com&quot;</a>{% endraw %}
