---
title: "হায় রূপবান ! Apan Thikana:198 I Rupban I RJ Kebria I"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/TRd3mIVvP4E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "TRd3mIVvP4E"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["rj kebria","how I will find my family","apan thikana"]
date: "2022-06-04T15:05:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-06-03T13:27:39Z"
duration: "PT24M35S"
viewcount: "104057"
likeCount: "6232"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Kebria RJ"
---
{% raw %}Rupban was lost from her family by an incident at age of four or five. After many years we are posting her video on YouTube and Facebook. This may be an opportunity to return to her family.She can remember some places of her childhood and parents name. These can be a great clues for finding. <br /><br />We all know the anguish caused by the disappearance of a family member. But the joy of getting him/her back is indescribable. Apan Thikana has been successfully working to reunite people with their families. Till now we have reunited more than 100 people with their families. Apan Thikana is a production of Studio of Creative Arts Ltd. We make videos with people who went missing in their childhood and families who lost their members. We use their parent and family member names and some memories as clues to reunite with their family. <br /><br />I am Rj Kebria, Founder and the Managing Director at Studio of Creative Arts Ltd. I have pioneered the hosting of a privately owned FM 89.6 radio and worked in radios for 17 years.  I have completed my MPhil Degree from Dhaka University. I was the executive producer of Dhaka FM 90.4 and Station in Charge of Radio Amber, and hosting a morning show on Maasranga Tv and has been an adjunct faculty at the University of Liberal Arts. I had a show called &quot;Lost and Found.” I made 42 videos and reunited 31 people with their families. Then came the concept of “Apan Thikana&quot;. We publish the videos on Facebook, YouTube and use them to our advantage. Millions of people worldwide watch our video and from the clues from the videos they comment on if they have any connection and our official volunteers work out the match.  We have a proper protocol to check and avoid fraudulent consequences.  If so, we advise the family to take the necessary legal procedure for further gratification.  Then we reunite the victims through an update video. <br /><br />Until now we have reunited more than 100 people with their families. Apan Thikana has been featured in various online newspaper articles and TV channels for its phenomenal success within a very short time.  They are Prothomalo, Dhakapost, RTV, Dhaka Tribune, Ekkator Television, Bd-Prtatidin, Jugantor and Jagonews24 and more. <br /><br />Disclimer: <br /><br />&quot;APAN THIKANA&quot; is a social media initiative of the life story program of  Studio Of Creative Arts. Through this show, the lost person can return to his family. We usually work with adults who got lost in their childhood and still remembers it. If a lost person comes to us and makes a video, and after watching that video if someone claims him as their family member, we leave the matter to the decision of both parties. I urge both parties to comply with the legal rules by accepting each other and encourage them to do the DNA test. Studio of Creative Arts doesn't provide any kind of assistance in the legal matter or the DNA test. The show is created for the purpose of publishing in RJ Kebria's social media channels. Who is the founding managing director of Studio of Creative Arts ltd.&quot;<br /><br />New youtube channel for Apan Thikana: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/apanthikana">https://www.youtube.com/apanthikana</a>{% endraw %}
