---
title: "Jordan Peterson Interprets Baffling Symbolism in the Book of Exodus"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/XWd8ObDmRQM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "XWd8ObDmRQM"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["jordanpeterson","philosophy","laws of power"]
date: "2022-05-03T08:35:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-31T18:30:36Z"
duration: "PT8M30S"
viewcount: "674297"
likeCount: "20390"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Jordan Peterson Notes"
---
{% raw %}Video Source: JRE Podcast<br />Watch the full 4.5 hours Podcast here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://open.spotify.com/episode/7IVFm4085auRaIHS7N1NQl">https://open.spotify.com/episode/7IVFm4085auRaIHS7N1NQl</a><br /><br />Subscribe to this channel for constant snippets of Dr Jordan B Peterson's wisdom shared with the love of curiosity, books &amp; notes on psychology, philosophy, literature, history &amp; mythology.<br /><br />CHANNEL TAGS<br />jordanpeterson, philosophy, laws of power, stoic philosophy, stoicism, psychology, Robert greene, marcus aurelius, stoic, carl jung, niccolo machiavelli, the rules for life, change your thoughts, self help quotes, art of seduction, Robert greene books, wisdom, Robert greene quotes, nietzsche, sun tzu, Jordan b peterson, seneca, change your mindset, Jordan Peterson quotes, quotes, motivation, become better<br /><br />VIDEO TAGS<br />jordan peterson interview,jordan peterson speech, jordan peterson motivation, shorts,shorts story,viral shorts,trending,viral shorts story,YouTube shorts,Story With Shorts,motivational shorts, jordan peterson joe rogan 2022, jordan peterson joe rogan 2022 full interview, jordan peterson joe rogan 2022 podcast, jordan peterson joe rogan climate, jordan peterson joe rogan climate change, Jordan Peterson EXPOSES Climate Change Agenda (JRE Clips)<br /><br />CHANNEL HASHTAGS<br />#jordanpeterson #philosophy #psychology #rulesforlife #lawsofpower #stoicphilosophy #stoicism #robertgreene #marcusaurelius #stoic #carljung #niccolomachiavelli #the #changeyourthoughts #selfhelpquotes #artofseduction #robertgreenebooks #wisdom #robertgreenequotes #nietzsche #suntzu #jordanbpeterson #seneca #changeyourmindset #jordanpetersonquotes #quotes #jordanpetersonmemes #motivation #becomebetter<br /><br />DISCLAIMER<br />All information on this channel is published in good faith &amp; for general information purpose only. We do not make any warranties about the completeness, reliability, &amp; accuracy of this information. Any action you take upon the information you find on this channel is strictly at your own risk.<br /><br />DISCLOSURE<br />Some of the links we share in this post are affiliate links that help us provide more great content for free. We link these products because of their quality &amp; not because of the commission we earn.<br /><br />FAIR-USE COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER<br />We make these videos with the intention of educating others in a motivational/ inspirational form. WE DO NOT OWN THE CLIPS &amp; MUSIC USED IN MOST CASES. Our understanding is that it is in correlation to Fair-Use under section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, however, given that it is open to interpretation, if any owners of the content clips would like us to remove the video, we have no problem with that &amp; will do so as fast as possible. Please EMAIL us at the email given in this channel's about section if you have any concerns.{% endraw %}
