---
title: "A Dish fit for the gods | meaning, origin, phrase, translate, translation, word, google translate"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/HVxD5MsNGus\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "HVxD5MsNGus"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["english","languages","phrases"]
date: "2022-06-09T02:44:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-02-07T11:15:00Z"
duration: "PT2M54S"
viewcount: "39"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "English without Tears"
---
{% raw %}English language | A Dish fit for the gods | The meaning and origin of the expression, phrases, proverbs, sayings, learning the English language, speaking the English language<br />A Dish fit for the gods | meaning, origin, phrase, translate, translation, word, google translate<br /><br />English originated in England and is the dominant language of the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, and various island nations in the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean. It is also an official language of India, the Philippines, Singapore, and many countries in sub-Saharan Africa, including Nigeria, Ghana and South Africa. English is the first choice of foreign language in most other countries of the world, and it is that status that has given it the position of a global lingua franca. It is estimated that about a third of the world’s population, some two billion persons, now use English.<br /><br />English belongs to the Indo-European family of languages and is therefore related to most other languages spoken in Europe and western Asia from Iceland to India. The parent tongue, called Proto-Indo-European, was spoken about 5,000 years ago by nomads believed to have roamed the southeast European plains. Germanic, one of the language groups descended from this ancestral speech, is usually divided by scholars into three regional groups: East (Burgundian, Vandal, and Gothic, all extinct), North (Icelandic, Faroese, Norwegian, Swedish, and Danish), and West (German, Dutch [and Flemish], Frisian, and English). Though closely related to English, German remains far more conservative than English in its retention of a fairly elaborate system of inflections. Frisian, spoken by the inhabitants of the Dutch province of Friesland and the islands off the west coast of Schleswig, is the language most nearly related to Modern English. Icelandic, which has changed little over the last thousand years, is the living language most nearly resembling Old English in grammatical structure.<br /><br />English is the language of science, of aviation, computers, diplomacy, and tourism. Knowing English increases your chances of getting a good job in a multinational company within your home country or for finding work abroad. It’s also the language of international communication, the media and the internet, so learning English is important for socialising and entertainment as well as work!<br /><br />As of 2020 there are 1.27 billion English speakers around the world. This makes it the most spoken language, ahead of Mandarin Chinese (1.12 billion speakers) and Hindi (637 million speakers). More than 50 countries officially list English as an official language.<br /><br />ABOUT:<br />english,<br />english phrases,<br />english proverbs,<br />english sayings,<br />learning english,<br />english translation,<br />novels,<br />literature,<br />memes,<br />jokes,<br />joke,<br />funny memes,<br />funny meme,<br />funny jokes,<br />google translate,<br />translate,<br />translation,<br />translations,<br />english to spanish,<br />english spanish,<br />spanish english,<br />spanish into english,<br />spanish to english,<br />translate from english to spanish,<br />translator spanish english,<br />spanish to english translation,<br />dictionaries,<br />dictionary,<br />definitions,<br />english translation,<br />com,<br />english to hindi,<br />dictionary.com,<br />grammar,<br />english to spanish,<br />english to hindi,<br />english to tagalog,<br />english video,<br />english to tamil,<br />english to japanese,<br />english to urdu,<br />french,<br />english to french,<br />english to marathi,<br />english to arabic,{% endraw %}
