---
title: "Slovenia to procure C-27J Spartan transport aircraft"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/IhWj6AZxcGA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "IhWj6AZxcGA"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Slovenia Military","Slovenia Army","Slovenia Defense"]
date: "2022-01-26T06:04:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-01-19T08:12:34Z"
duration: "PT2M24S"
viewcount: "1986"
likeCount: "40"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "NewWeapons Update"
---
{% raw %}Slovenia to procure C-27J Spartan transport aircraft<br /><br /><br />Slovenia is to acquire the Leonardo C-27J Spartan transport aircraft, with the country’s government announcing on 15 January that the pandemic had exposed a lack of national airlift capacity and capability.<br /><br />Having evaluated a number of options, the Slovenian 15th Aviation Wing (15th Polk Vojaskega Letalstva: 15th PVL) component of the joint Slovenian Armed Forces (SAF) is to receive one or two of the Italian-built airlifters by 2025.<br /><br />“A market study was conducted involving manufacturers and users of potential types of aircraft belonging to the category of light (CASA C295 manufactured by Airbus, and C-27J Spartan manufactured by Leonardo), and medium (C-130J-30 Hercules manufactured by Lockheed Martin, C-390 Millennium by Embraer, A400M by Airbus) transport aircraft and used aircraft providers,” the government said.<br /><br />As the government noted, with Slovenia’s medium and heavy-lift requirements already adequately catered for under both the NATO-supported Strategic Airlift Capability (SAC) and NATO-supported Strategic Airlift International Solution (SALIS) programmes, the decision was taken to acquire a light transport aircraft, which in turn led to the decision to go with the C-27J. “Two types of tactical transport aircraft were included in the final assessment, but after examining the minimum military technical requirements, the C-27J Spartan proved to be the best,” the government said. “The purchase of one C-27J Spartan aircraft will also partially meet the [NATO] alliance’s performance targets. Two such aircraft would be needed to fully meet the performance targets.”<br /><br />CREDIT and RESPECT TO THE FOLLOWING SOURCE : Janes<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Hopefully this news is useful to increase knowledge in the field of military defense.<br /><br />Music: is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution license<br />               <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/">https://creativecommons.org/licenses/</a><br />               <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/audiolibrary/music?ar=2&amp;o=U">https://www.youtube.com/audiolibrary/music?ar=2&amp;o=U</a><br /><br />COPYRIGHT:<br />Copyright disclaimer under section 107 of the copyright act 1976, allowance is made for 'fair use' for purposes such as criticism, comments, news reporting, teaching, research. Fair use is permitted by copyright statue that might otherwise be infriging. Nonprofit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />#SloveniaMilitary #SloveniaArmy #SloveniaDefense #SloveniaAirforce #SloveniaAircraft #C27JSpartanAircraft #LeonardoAircraft #SloveniaAircraft #SloveniaMilitaryNews{% endraw %}
