---
title: "The Slow-Cooker Curry Recipe You'll Want to Try"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ABEU73zolxY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ABEU73zolxY"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["slow cooker beef curry","beef curry","slow cooker"]
date: "2022-05-11T22:30:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-09T14:00:08Z"
duration: "PT5M25S"
viewcount: "12527"
likeCount: "928"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Kitchen Sanctuary"
---
{% raw %}A luscious mild curry with fall-apart beef and bell peppers. We let this easy beef curry cook slowly in the slow cooker. Just a little up-front prep, then you can leave it to cook to perfection.<br /><br />I'm using store-bought curry paste to keep this recipe as simple and easy as possible.<br /><br />I use a shop-bought Tikka Masala curry paste for this recipe - which is usually quite mild. You could also use balti, jalfrezi or rogan josh pastes - which tend to be fairly mild too. If you're after something hotter, use madras or Thai red curry paste. **Be sure to use curry paste, NOT curry sauce. The paste is concentrated - used for the base of a sauce, whereas the sauce is usually a finished version of a curry sauce**.<br /><br />Free printable recipe is available on our site: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.kitchensanctuary.com/slow-cooker-beef-coconut-curry/">https://www.kitchensanctuary.com/slow-cooker-beef-coconut-curry/</a><br /><br />Ingredients:<br />▢2 tbsp sunflower oil or ghee<br />▢½ tsp salt<br />▢½ tsp black pepper<br />▢1.5 kg (3 ⅓ pounds) braising beef<br />▢1 large onion - peeled and chopped<br />▢2 red bell peppers - deseeded and roughly chopped<br />▢4 cloves garlic - peeled and minced<br />▢2 tsp minced ginger<br />▢2 heaped tbsp curry paste*<br />▢1 beef stock cube - crumbled<br />▢400 g (14 oz) tin finely chopped tomatoes<br />▢2 tbsp tomato puree (paste)<br />▢2 tsp sugar<br />▢400 ml (14 oz) tin full fat coconut milk<br /><br />Optional:<br />▢3 tbsp cornflour (cornstarch) mixed with 6 tbsp cold water<br /><br />To Serve:<br />▢A handful of chopped coriander (cilantro)<br />▢Pilau or Boiled rice<br />▢Naan bread<br /><br /><br />Process:<br />1. Preheat your slow cooker to high.<br /><br />2. Season the beef with the salt and pepper.<br /><br />3. Heat 1 ½ tbsp of the oil in a large pan over a high heat.<br /><br />4. Add the seasoned beef to the pan. Sear until lightly browned (about 6-8 minutes). You may need to do this in two batches.<br /><br />5. Once seared, add the beef to the slow cooker, using a slotted spoon.<br /><br />6. Add the remaining ½ tbsp of oil to the pan and turn the heat down to medium.<br /><br />7. Add in the onion and red pepper and cook for 4-5 minutes, until the onions have softened.<br /><br />8. Add in the garlic, ginger, curry paste and crumbled stock cube. Stir and cook for 1-2 minutes.<br /><br />9. Add in the tinned tomatoes, tomato puree, sugar and coconut milk.<br /><br />10. Stir, bring to the boil, then pour into your slow cooker, stir once more, place your slow cooker lid on and cook for 5-6 hours on high or 7-8 hours on low.<br /><br />11. If want to thicken the sauce a little, slowly pour in the cornstarch and water mixture whilst stirring - until the sauce is thick enough.<br /><br />12. Serve over rice, sprinkled with some coriander (cilantro). I like to serve mine with some tomato and onion salad too.<br /><br />#CookingShow #Dinner #SlowCooker{% endraw %}
