---
title: "RiMS Racing Gameplay (PC UHD) [4K60FPS]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/alueQw1I5GM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "alueQw1I5GM"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["RiMS Racing"]
date: "2022-03-02T16:15:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-15T17:00:01Z"
duration: "PT21M27S"
viewcount: "163950"
likeCount: "1555"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Throneful"
---
{% raw %}RiMS Racing Gameplay (PC UHD) [4K60FPS]<br />Steam - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/1346010/RiMS_Racing/">https://store.steampowered.com/app/1346010/RiMS_Racing/</a><br />__________________________________________<br />Gaming PC Specs:<br /><br />►CPU: Intel Comet Lake, Core i9 10900K 3.7GHz<br />►CPU Cooler: Corsair iCUE H100i RGB PRO XT<br />►Graphics Card: MSI GeForce RTX 3090 GAMING X TRIO 24GB GDDR6X 384-bit<br />►Motherboard: ASUS Z490 ROG MAXIMUS XII HERO<br />►RAM: HyperX Predator Black 64GB DDR4 3200MHz CL16 Quad Channel Kit<br />►HDD: 3x WD Black 2TB SATA-III 7200 RPM 64MB<br />►SSD: 1x Seagate FireCuda 520 2TB<br />►Power Supply: Corsair AX850, 80+ Titanium, 850W<br />►Case: ASUS TUF Gaming GT501<br />►OS: Windows 10<br />►Monitor LED IPS Lenovo Qreator (27&quot;, 4K UHD, 60Hz)<br />►Monitor: ACER Predator XB273KS (27&quot;, UHD, 144Hz, HDR 400, G-Sync)<br />►Mouse: Logitech G502 HERO<br />►Keyboard: Logitech G910 Orion Spectrum RGB<br />►Gaming Headseat: ASUS ROG Centurion True 7.1<br />►Gaming Speakers: Logitech G560 Lightsync 2.1 Black<br />►Microphone: HyperX QuadCast<br />►Steering Wheel &amp; Pedals: Logitech G923 TrueForce<br />►Controller: Xbox 360 PC controller<br />►Joystick: Logitech Extreme 3D Pro<br />►Gaming Chair: Cougar Fusion Orange<br /><br />Streaming &amp; Capture PC Specs:<br /><br />►Capture Card: Elgato Game Capture 4K60 Pro MK.2<br />►Capture Card: AVerMedia Live Gamer 4K GC573 RGB<br />►CPU: Intel Kaby Lake, Core i7 7700K 4.20GHz<br />►CPU Cooler: NZXT Kraken X41<br />►Graphics Card: MSI GeForce GTX 1080 GAMING X 8GB DDR5X 256-bit<br />►Motherboard: MSI Z270 GAMING PRO <br />►RAM: Corsair Vengeance LPX Black 32GB DDR4<br />►SSD: SSD Kingston A2000 1TB<br />►HDD: WD Black 4TB SATA-III 7200RPM 128MB<br />►Power Supply: Corsair HXi Series HX850i <br />►Case: NZXT Noctis 450 Black <br />►OS: Windows 10<br />►Monitor: Dell Gaming S2721HGF (27&quot;, Curved, 144Hz, G-Sync)<br /><br />------------------------------------------<br />Follow Us:<br /><br />►Instagram - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/throneful.k/">https://www.instagram.com/throneful.k/</a><br />►Twitter - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/KroneVG">https://twitter.com/KroneVG</a><br />►Facebook - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/Throneful">https://www.facebook.com/Throneful</a><br />►Steam - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055837109">https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055837109</a><br /><br />Contact:<br /><br />►Yahoo Mail: KroneVGames@yahoo.com<br /><br />------------------------------------------<br />Game Information:<br /><br />The first motorbike simulation that combines a realistic racing challenge with engineering and mechanics! Ride the world's most powerful motorbikes and optimise their performance by swapping out parts and analysing data in real time.<br /><br />A race is not won purely on the track, so you need to become more than a rider by understanding motorbike behaviour like a real engineer. Traction, angle, braking, torque, trajectory, speed… every factor must be considered before heading to the workshop to change certain components and configuring the optimal set-up.<br /><br />A DREAM GARAGE<br /><br />Your adventure starts by choosing your dream motorbike. In RiMS Racing, you can ride the world's 8 most powerful European and Japanese motorbikes: Ducati Panigale V4 R, MV Agusta F4 RC, Aprilia RSV4, BMW M 1000 RR, Suzuki GSX-R1000R, Honda CBR1000RR, Kawasaki Ninja ZX-10RR, Yamaha YZF-R1. Recreated with an unmatched level of detail thanks to close collaboration with each manufacturer, these motorbikes also provide a highly accurate and realistic riding experience. They are true rough diamonds that only need a few cuts to shine their brightest!<br /><br />OPTIMISE YOUR MOTORBIKE<br /><br />With a mechanics management system never before seen in a motorbike simulation, you can dismantle all your bike's parts to maintain them after each race or to upgrade them and boost your performance. You will become familiar with every last screw in your motorbike. Browse a catalogue of over 500 official spare parts from the biggest names in the industry along with over 200 official equipment items to personalise your rider!<br /><br />ANALYSE YOUR PERFORMANCE<br /><br />RiMS Racing thrusts you straight into the heart of the action with the Motorbike Status Check (MSC), which helps you analyse your bike's behaviour in real time and understand how to optimise your performance. Brake disc temperature, tyre compound and pressure pressure, suspension behaviour affecting stability, electronic settings… Just like for a real rider, your motorbike's configuration can be adapted to your riding style!<br /><br />ACCURATE AND REALISTIC PHYSICS<br /><br />The level of accuracy and details provided by the mechanics management and MSC is matched by realistic motorbike physics that will thrill the most demanding of track racers. But thanks to the various ride assist technologies, less experienced players can still learn the techniques that will take them to the top.<br /><br />THE MOST ICONIC CIRCUITS<br /><br />Silverstone, Laguna Seca, Suzuka, Nürburgring, Paul Ricard… Travel the world and enjoy thrilling races on 10 faithfully recreated official circuits. For those who prefer roads, five routes in the stunning landscapes of the United States, Norway, Australia, Spain and Italy have been recreated for a different racing experience on two wheels!<br /><br />__________________________________________<br />#RiMSRacing{% endraw %}
