---
title: "End of the world warning as Earth's insides are cooling faster than scientists thought"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/7G8_YakbMvc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "7G8_YakbMvc"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["End of the world warning as Earth's insides","are cooling faster than scientists thought","Planetary scientist Motohiko Murakami who led the study said"]
date: "2022-01-19T10:22:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-17T16:44:14Z"
duration: "PT2M59S"
viewcount: "364"
likeCount: "6"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Nonstop News"
---
{% raw %}End of the world warning as Earth's insides are cooling faster than scientists thought<br /><br />RESEARCHERS have warned that Earth's interior has been cooling much faster than previously expected, bringing the planet closer to becoming a cold wasteland like Mars.<br /><br />Since its formation, the Earth has been releasing vast amounts of heat from deep inside Earth's interior to the surface, which primarily drives mantle convection and a number of tectonic activities. The core-mantle boundary has played an essential role in this heat transfer process.<br /><br />This is the boundary where the hot molten core is in direct contact with solid-state mantle minerals and helps transfer the thermal energies of the core to the overlying mantle.<br /><br />In a study, scientists looked at how well this boundary mineral, called bridgmanite, could conduct heat from the core to the surface.<br /><br />They found that the boundary was able to dispense so much heat that scientists now believe that the earth is losing heat from its interior at a much faster rate than previously expected.<br /><br />When the Earth first formed about 4.5 billion years ago, the earth was covered by a deep ocean of magma, which then gradually cooled to form the crust we know today.<br /><br />Because the earth’s interior is still giving out heat, it will eventually cool down completely, turning the planet into a barren wasteland like Mars and Mercury.<br /><br />To recreate the effects of intense heat and pressure that the boundary faces between the mantle and the core, a team of scientists irradiated a single crystal of bridgmanite with pulsed lasers.<br /><br />This simultaneously increases its temperature to 2,440 Kelvin and pressure to 80 gigapascals, which is close to what we know to be the conditions in the lower mantle – up to 2,630 Kelvin and 127 gigapascals of pressure.<br /><br />Planetary scientist Motohiko Murakami, who led the study said: &quot;This measurement system let us show that the thermal conductivity of bridgmanite is about 1.5 times higher than assumed.”<br /><br />Research suggests that this natural process of cooling for the earth’s core could be speeding up.<br /><br />When cooled down, bridgmanite turns into the mineral post-​perovskite.<br /><br />However as the amount of post-​perovskite increases in the core-mantle boundary, the cooling of the mantle might indeed accelerate even further.<br /><br />The researchers estimate that this mineral conducts heat even more efficiently than bridgmanite.<br /><br />Mr Murakami said: “Our results could give us a new perspective on the evolution of the Earth’s dynamics.<br /><br />“They suggest that Earth, like the other rocky planets Mercury and Mars, is cooling and becoming inactive much faster than expected.”<br /><br />However, scientists are still unable to figure out when the planet would cool down and become geologically inert.<br /><br />It is difficult to compare the Earth to Mars, as the Red Planet is significantly smaller than the earth, and hence cooling faster.<br /><br />Mr Murakami said: &quot;We still don't know enough about these kinds of events to pin down their timing.&quot;{% endraw %}
