---
title: "Watch Me Eat This Sushi - A Japanese Mukbang That Was Challenging Easy Mode"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/rMoBwUCvBuk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "rMoBwUCvBuk"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["homemade sushi","japanese food","simple sushi"]
date: "2022-01-20T17:10:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-20T13:46:53Z"
duration: "PT43M38S"
viewcount: "8"
likeCount: "4"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Lorespade"
---
{% raw %}I Eat Food in my Room. Because we don't have a table. <br /><br />After reading the reviews online, we decided to give this place a try. After we walked in, I have to tell you, their decor almost scared us away, but SO GLAD we stayed for dinner.  It was excellent!!!<br /><br />The staff was friendly and the portions were very generous. I would highly recommend this restaurant.<br /><br />We stopped by after a Doctors appointment. My parents got the steak and shrimp hibachi lunch special. It was $10 and they took home leftovers. The steak was tender and favorable. I got chicken Pad Thai. It was the best Pad Thai I have ever had. I had enough leftover for dinner.<br /><br />I have given this place numerous opportunities to make food that I've eaten. I have eaten there three times and ordered 3 times. All SIX times, she told me that I was making wrong order. This last time she didn't even take my order because she said I was ordering wrong thing.<br />How is that possible? I'm ASIAN!<br /><br />Came in to order a simple dish today and the owner told me that it will be a 30 minute wait. Unreliable, inconvenient, and unfriendly service.<br /><br />Excellent food and service.<br />Potstickers to die for as well.<br /><br />Sometimes they are a little hard to understand over the phone. But you get use to it after a while.<br /><br />Edit 5/2017: okay she's back to her mild sassiness. But I'm moving soon so it's whatever. Hopefully no one is spitting in my food!<br />Edit 3/2017: I did go back because I couldn't stay away from the amazing food. The woman has been extremely nice to me since that day. Maybe because of this review haha. I'm still giving it four stars because of that encounter but the food itself is five+ stars!!<br />I loved this place so much, that I went at least once a week. Amazing food. However, when I asked for a certain level of spice, the sweet waiter came out to tell me they weren't able to make it that spicy since the specific dish was made on the grill rather than a wok. I replied very nicely asking if it was possible to get chili peppers on the side when all of a sudden, the crazy lady who cooks came out out the kitchen and started YELLING at me about how it was not possible... in front of the whole restaurant for absolutely no reason. Everyone was staring and even the waiter told her that it was unnecessary because he had already explained it to me. <br />------<br />My friend (who was visiting) and I were so shocked that we asked for the food to go. The crazy lady started being extremely nice and ended up putting chili peppers on the side of my dish anyways so I'm not sure why she had a fit. Sadly, this wasn't even the first time. She yelled at me once before when I asked a question about the menu too. I was a loyal and regular customer there and sadly now, I never want to go back again.<br /><br />Food is 5 stars, but take-out service is a big zero.<br />-<br />Twice now I've ordered food and they told me when to pick it up (25min the first time, and 35mins this time).<br />-<br />Both times I walked in when I was supposed to, and both times they started cooking the meal after I came in.  This time it was actually 50 minutes from my call to when I was walking out with the food.<br />-<br />If they wait because people call then don't show up, then take the number down and keep a list of customer phone numbers. All they're doing now is aggravating the people who want to buy their food.<br />-<br />I will be looking for a more reliable source<br /><br />Bad food and bad customer service. Ordered bulgogi, and it did not taste like bulgogi at all. Ratio of spice is off. I complained and then I heard the chef was yelling in the kitchen. Then the lady has to come out and yell at me, basically telling me I don't know what bulgogi is!<br /><br />This place creates amazing food. It's a bit dicey looking from the outside and not much inside the dining area but the food is worth it. We come to Greenville once a year and this is the place we go to eat.<br />Tonight we arrived at 8:34. They said take out only after 8:30.  There yelp and online info states open until 9:30. Weary travelers just wanted to sit and eat. We were told again. As three tables were sitting there eating. Take out orders only. 4 minutes late. We won't be back. They didn't recognize us or make an exception for long distance repeat customers. Only two of us. Very poor service. This was a Friday night too. Disappointing{% endraw %}
