---
title: "Elon Musk & NASA's JUST SHOCKED The Entire Space Industry With This Discovery!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/K49gFfn4-oM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "K49gFfn4-oM"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["Voyager","Space","Destiny"]
date: "2022-01-21T06:51:21+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-19T23:01:14Z"
duration: "PT11M37S"
viewcount: "169306"
likeCount: "2516"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Tech Space"
---
{% raw %}Have you ever complained of the heat on a bright sunny day? Despite being 93 million<br />miles away from the Sun and being protected by the ozone layer, many of us have felt<br />the burning heat of the Sun at one time or the other! There is, however, an object that is<br />moving directly towards the Sun to kiss it! The Parker Probe is one tough guy as it is<br />destined to melt away as it is heading to the Sun, where things get as hot as 5,500<br />degrees Celsius! However, before it dissolves into nothingness, the Parker Solar Probe<br />mission, which Elon Musk as a proper nerd, is a great fan of, is already making mind-<br />blowing discoveries and sending data back to us about this massive ball of fire at the<br />center of our solar system! What has the Parker Probe discovered about the Sun, and<br />how does it affect you? Join us as we explore through the eye of Musk the insane<br />NASA discovery on the Sun that changes everything!<br />The Sun is truly awe inspiring in every way! Due to its massive size, it basically holds<br />everything together in our Solar System! Without it, the Earth would have flown out of<br />orbit and gotten lost in one corner of the universe! <br />How big is the Sun? Well, the Sun, which is a star, is the largest object in the solar<br />system! It is nearly a perfect sphere with its equatorial diameter and its polar diameter<br />differing by only 6.2 miles or 10 km. The mean radius of the Sun is 432,450 miles or<br />696,000 kilometers, making its diameter about 864,938 miles or 1.392 million km! The<br />Sun's circumference is approximately 2,713,406 miles (4,366,813 km). <br />To the proper perspective of all these numbers, you can line up 109 Earths across the<br />face of the Sun! Or, if you could somehow hollow out the Sun, you can drop one million<br />of our Earth inside the Sun!<br />What about the mass? Unlike the Earth, the Sun does not have any solid parts, but it is<br />very dense. Its mass has been estimated at 1.989 X 10 raised to the power of 30<br />kilograms! Compared to the Earth, the Sun is about 333,000 heavier! But then, the Sun<br />accounts for 99.8 percent of the weight of the entire solar system! This is despite that<br />the Sun loses 1.5 million tons of materials every second to the solar wind! <br />Remember solar wind because you will hear more about it in this video!<br />The Sun's size and mass are not the only impressive thing about this star! The Sun<br />gives off so much heat that humans had to invent air conditioning to deal with the hot<br />summer months, despite being tucked away more than 93 million miles! In fact, next<br />time the Sun makes you uncomfortable, remember that the sunray traveled for eight<br />minutes before reaching the Earth! <br />How hot is the Sun? The answers depend on where you are standing in the Sun! The<br />surface of the Sun is about 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit or 5,500 degrees Celsius hot,<br />while temperatures in the core reach more than 27 million Fahrenheit or 15 million<br />Celsius! According to NASA, to replicate or reproduce that amount of energy, you would<br />need to explode 100 billion tons of dynamite every second!<br />But how does the Sun produce this enormous amount of energy? The Sun has a vast<br />supply of hydrogen, and the hydrogen atoms get compressed and fuse together,<br />creating helium. This process is called nuclear fusion. The nuclear fusion taking place at<br />the core of the Sun produces enormous amounts of energy that radiates outward to the<br />Sun's surface, atmosphere, and beyond. <br />From the center, energy moves to the radiative zone, where it bounces around for up to<br />1 million years before moving up to the convective zone, the upper layer of the Sun's<br />interior. The temperature here drops below 3.5 million degrees Fahrenheit or 2 million<br />degrees Celsius. Large bubbles of hot plasma form a soup of ionized atoms and move<br />upward to the photosphere.<br />There is one intriguing phenomenon about the movement of heat from the Sun's core<br />that   defies   logic.   The   Sun   has   three   outermost   layers,   the   photosphere,   the<br />chromosphere, and the corona, arranged in that order when you are coming from the<br />core   of   the   Sun.   The   temperature   in   the   photosphere   is   about   10,000   degrees<br />Fahrenheit or 5,500 degrees Celsius. Next is the chromosphere, which is not as hot at<br />7,300 degrees Fahrenheit or 4,000 degrees Celsius. However, the corona can get very<br />hot, with temperatures ranging from 1.7 million degrees Fahrenheit or 1 million degrees<br />Celsius, to more than 17 million Fahrenheit or 10 million degrees Celsius! If you had<br />been following closely by now, you would be wondering why the corona, which is the<br />outer layer and farther from the core, is hotter than the two other layers!<br />Scientists would like to find out precisely what is responsible for this seeming anomaly<br />and also discover the other secrets of our closest star! However, since you can't send<br />astronauts to the Sun, the next best thing is a probe! This is the idea of the Parker Solar<br />Probe launched by NASA, and the probe has sent back a trove of information, with most<br />of it s{% endraw %}
