---
title: "07 Chickened Out by Ridiculon | Super Meat Boy Forever OST | Super Meat Boy Forever Soundtrack"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/015EbRs48Bg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "015EbRs48Bg"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["super meat boy forever","super meat boy forever gameplay","super meat boy forever review"]
date: "2022-03-23T15:46:17+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-12-25T11:43:12Z"
duration: "PT3M11S"
viewcount: "6689"
likeCount: "52"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Play"
---
{% raw %}We upload latest games ost here, please subscribe to get notifications and updates : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/39zHyHX">https://bit.ly/39zHyHX</a>  <br /><br /> 07 Chickened Out by Ridiculon | Super Meat Boy Forever OST | Super Meat Boy Forever Soundtrack<br /><br />  Super Meat Boy Forever is an indie platform video game developed by Team Meat for Microsoft Windows, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, iOS, Android and Linux. Originally planned as a mobile-only version of Super Meat Boy, Super Meat Boy Forever was gradually developed into a full-fledged sequel featuring a new control scheme and randomly generated levels. The game was released on December 23, 2020.<br />  Gameplay<br />Super Meat Boy Forever expands on Super Meat Boy's challenging gameplay, as well as the main villain Dr. Fetus. Meat Boy and Bandage Girl's child Nugget has been kidnapped by Dr. Fetus and the couple must work together to rescue her. Both characters can kick and punch enemies and must avoid deadly obstacles to save Nugget. The control scheme uses two buttons. Levels are randomly generated based on the player's skill level by combining premade &quot;chunks&quot; created by the designers.<br />Development<br />Development for Super Meat Boy Forever was announced in 2014 as mobile-only sequel to the original Super Meat Boy.Team Meat founders Edmund McMillen and Tommy Refenes originally teased the project as a &quot;live action stealth game&quot; called A Voyeur for September, but this was later revealed to be an anagram for Super Meat Boy Forever.After a few years of little to no public updates, Edmund McMillen left Team Meat and began focusing on other intellectual property such as The Binding of Isaac and The End Is Nigh. Refenes said to not &quot;hold your breath&quot; expecting McMillen to come back after Super Meat Boy Forever is released.<br /><br />In 2017, Refenes restarted the project as full-fledged sequel.In the following year several new team members joined Team Meat to help with development. Among the new team members were Kyle Pulver (Offspring Fling, Snapshot), Paul ter Voorde and Temmie Chang who worked on the art for Undertale. Ridiculon, who composed the music for the PlayStation 4 version of Super Meat Boy, returned to compose the sequel's soundtrack. Refenes explains that even though the game is still coming to mobile, this version was developed primarily as a console game.The new version of the game was revealed at PAX Prime 2017 and was showcased by Nintendo during their Nindies Summer 2017 Showcase, and the PAX demo of the game was well received by the media.The game was scheduled for an April 2019 release, but was pushed back to December 2020.<br /><br />The game was released on December 23, 2020 as a timed exclusive for the Nintendo Switch and Epic Games Store, with console and Steam versions following in 2021.<br /><br /><br />Developer: Team Meat<br />Publisher: Team Meat<br />Designer: Tommy Refenes, Kyle Pulver<br />Programmer: Tommy Refenes<br />Artist: Paul ter Voorde,Ivan Almighty,Lala,Temmie Chang<br />Composer: Matthias Bossi,Jon Evans<br />Platform: MicrosoftWindows,NintendoSwitch,PlayStation4,<br />XboxOne,Android,iOS,Linux<br />Release: Nintendo Switch, Windows<br />WW: December 23, 2020<br />PS4, Xbox One<br />WW: January 2021<br />Android, iOS, Linux<br />WW: TBA<br />Genre: Platform<br />Mode: Single-player<br />#SuperMeatBoyForeverOST #SuperMeatBoyForeverSoundtrack #SuperMeatBoyOST #SuperMeatBoySoundtrack{% endraw %}
