---
title: "TOP 10 RICHEST BLACK PEOPLE ON EARTH"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/O8bggc1tKHE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "O8bggc1tKHE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["top 10 richest people on earth","top 10","richest men on earth"]
date: "2022-02-12T18:23:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-06T21:08:59Z"
duration: "PT10M7S"
viewcount: "261"
likeCount: "10"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "As a matter of fact"
---
{% raw %}While there are so many rich people in the world, our focus today is on the top 10 richest black people on earth. Nigeria is one of the most developed countries in Africa and it's no wonder the West African country houses three of the richest black people in the entire world. <br />10 Kanye West<br />Ye, commonly known by his birth name Kanye West, is an American rapper, record producer, and fashion designer, and the husband of American media personality, socialite business woman, and model, Kimberly Noel Kardashian West.<br />He is regarded as one of the most influential musicians of all time and is super rich, with a net worth of 1.8 billion dollars.<br />9 Femi Otedola <br />Femi Otedola is a Nigerian businessman, philanthropist, and former chairman of Forte Oil PLC, an importer of fuel products. Otedola is the founder of Zenon Petroleum and Gas Ltd. and the owner of a number of other businesses in shipping, real estate, and finance.<br /> <br />8 Micheal Jordan. <br />Sports are one of the world's most lucrative businesses for both athletes and proprietors. Jordan, widely regarded as the greatest of all time, won six championships with the Chicago Bulls and earned $90 billion in salary, plus another $1.8 billion from endorsement deals with Nike, Hanes, and Gatorade.<br />7 Opra Winfrey<br />Oprah Gail Winfrey (born Orpah Gail Winfrey on January 29, 1954) is an American talk show host, television producer, actress, author, and philanthropist. She is best known for her talk show, The Oprah Winfrey Show, broadcast from Chicago, which was the highest-rated television program of its kind in history. <br /> <br />6 Patrice Mosepe<br />Patrice Tihopane Motsepe is a South African mining billionaire businessman and the chairman of the African Rainbow Minerals company.<br />5 David Stewart <br />David L. Steward (born 1951) is an American businessman. He is the chairman and founder of World Wide Technology, one of the largest African American-owned businesses in America.<br />4 Robert F Smith <br />Robert Frederick Smith was an American businessman, philanthropist, chemical engineer, and investor. He is the Founder, Chairman, and CEO of Vista Equity Partners, a private equity firm.<br />3 Mike Adenuga <br />Chief Micheal Adeyini Ishola Adenuga is the third richest man in Africa and his company Globacom is Nigeria's second-largest telecom operator, with a huge presence in Ghana and Benin.<br />2 Abdul salmad Rabiu<br />Abdulsamad Isyaku Rabiu is a Nigerian billionaire businessman and philanthropist.<br />The 61-year-old Rabiu is the founder of the BUA Group, a Nigerian conglomerate active in cement production, sugar refining, and real estate. In early January 2020, Rabiu merged his privately-owned Obu Cement company with listed firm Cement Co. of Northern Nigeria, which he controlled.<br />1 Aliko Dangote<br />Nigerian billionaire Aliko Dangote tops the list of Africa's richest people for the 11th year in a row, Forbes magazine said in a report. Dangote's wealth jumped from $12.1 billion last year to an estimated $13.9 billion.<br />The richest man in Africa, Aliko Dangote, is a Nigerian business magnet and the chairman and CEO of the Dangote Group, which was established as a small trading firm in 1977, the same year Dangote relocated to Lagos.<br />Today, its operations are run in Benin, Ghana, Nigeria, Zambia, Togo, etc., covering food manufacturing, cement production, and dominating sugar marketing in Nigeria.<br />#dangote #michealjordan #kanyewest #patricemusepe #richestblackpeopleonearth #richestmaninafrica #richestman #richestmanalive #oprahwinfrey #richestpeopleintheworld #richestblackpeopleintheworld{% endraw %}
