---
title: "Before attack WTC people inside 2000 HD Quality TOP"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/QJhdiA2135Q\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "QJhdiA2135Q"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["New York (US State)","Inside WTC","attack 9\/11"]
date: "2022-04-03T06:51:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2013-05-16T09:11:06Z"
duration: "PT3M29S"
viewcount: "6521667"
likeCount: "26605"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "MrRheingold"
---
{% raw %}Pre-Attack Visit to the Top of the Twin Towers ~ Today Remembrance of the Victims We Will Never Forget! People in the World Trade Center before September 11th WTC ... My visit with my family in the tower before the attack ...<br /><br />3:22 to 3:30 you can see an aircraft during our WTC visit, random shot with a similar flight route!<br />After the attack, I often had tears in my eyes when I thought of the many people who found themselves in a hopeless situation, being dragged to their death for no reason or own fault ...<br /><br />3:22 to 3:30 a.m. you can see an airplane during our WTC visit, a random shot with the same flight route! Could it be that the terror gang previously tested the approach WTC with smaller planes?<br />After the attack, I often had tears in my eyes when I thought of the many people who found themselves in a hopeless situation and were dragged to their deaths for no reason or their own fault .<br /><br />YouTuber: &quot;How do you feel knowing that the footage of your legs on the window might've been someone's last view on the Earth. Possibly the last jump a person made as well. Really unfortunate but good video nonetheless&quot;. My Answers: After the attack, tears often ran when I thought of the people who were in a hopeless position to be torn to their death for no reason or guilt ...<br /><br />Some people were in shock, others thought maybe how can I get down, how do I destroy the thick pane, what do I use to jump? a large coat or blanket as a jumping mat? Overcoming? Trust - Will Firefighters Get Me Out Soon? But time keeps running ... always with hope I can make it ... just how? Hope? Resignation? Do i have to die? Can't be! Dear God please help! ... A vicious circle on the upper floors ... Sad and terrible that many people have lost him ... Little and big helpers were also able to save many people, with God's help! A small consolation in memory of the victims ... <br /><br />Many positive YT comments that reach me every day and move me personally: Why haven't a lot more people tried to destroy the window in order to jump with a coat or jackets knotted together as an auxiliary parachute? My answer and opinion: I myself was standing in front of such a pane - which partly went to the ground - and I noticed that the pane was several centimeters thick, what should I use to destroy this pane? With a chair from the office? With a hammer that I don't have and that isn't lying around somewhere? Perhaps when office people hurl a computer against the window with great force? And with the people who jumped like that, maybe it was desperation? In my opinion, many people thought they would be saved by the fire brigade at some point! From the inside you could not assess the seriousness of the situation at all because in the confusion and the panic you were not at all clear about the overall situation and the danger! The time goes on anyway and the invisible fate took its course. Even the best engineers in the world would never have thought that the towers would collapse. The inhumane work of the devil by some obsessed fanatics and terrorists has managed to &quot;keep the world in suspense&quot;. May something like this never happen again in the world that we value far too little for the future! R.I.P. for the poor people who were innocently torn to a terrible death or who lost their lives directly or indirectly during the relief effort! Unfortunately, the tears we have in our eyes cannot bring back our loved ones and loved ones ...<br /><br />#VisitTwinTower #VisitWorldTradeCenter #AttackTwinTower<br /><br />All videos shown on this channel are copyrighted to my channel. Every video you see was taken by me through my camera lenses unless otherwise noted.{% endraw %}
