---
title: "How to socialise your puppy while social distancing during coronavirus"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RSw6YxQ3j78\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RSw6YxQ3j78"
categories: "Pets-Animals"
tags: ["yt:cc=on","dog","dogs"]
date: "2022-03-22T14:03:43+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-03-26T16:12:01Z"
duration: "PT4M16S"
viewcount: "2676"
likeCount: "36"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Bought By Many Pet Insurance"
---
{% raw %}The Dog Coach Vicky Carne shows how you can train your puppy even when social distancing during the coronavirus outbreak.<br /><br />Find more information about pets and coronavirus and how Bought By Many pet insurance can help at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://boughtbymany.com.">https://boughtbymany.com.</a><br /><br />Find out more about Vicky’s puppy training courses at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.thedogcoachonline.com">https://www.thedogcoachonline.com</a><br /><br />As a new puppy owner, you'll no doubt have heard how important it is to socialise your puppy. That puppies are wired to try new things. And that now would have been the time to introduce them to people, other dogs, new places and things.<br /><br /><br />Now you can't. Now social distancing has to take priority.<br /><br /><br />Until this crisis is over, your puppy will only be meeting whoever they live with. But there is still plenty you can do. What that is will depend on the regulations in place at the time you watch this.<br /><br /><br />Focus on building your relationship with your puppy, their trust in you and their confidence in meeting things that are new and different. A confident, happy puppy will be far better prepared for the changes to come when life goes back to normal.<br /><br /><br />Remember, your aim is to get your puppy comfortable meeting new things. If they're nervous, a mix of fun games and pleasant treats combined with your praise and attention around potentially scary objects will help them. Let them get comfortable at their own pace.<br /><br />How to socialise your puppy? <br /><br />While social distancing as a new puppy owner, you'll know how important it is to socialise your puppy. The puppies are wired to try new things and now would have been the time to introduce them to people, other dogs, new places and things. <br />Now, you can't. Now social distancing has to take priority. Until this crisis is over, your puppy will only be meeting whoever they live with. But there is still plenty you can do. <br />What that is will depend on the regulations in place at the time you watch this. Focus on building your relationship with your puppy. A confident happy puppy will be far better prepared for the changes to come when life goes back to normal. <br />In this time of social distancing, what can we do? Remember, your aim is to get your puppy comfortable meeting new things. So nervous, a mix of fun games and pleasant treats combined with your praise and attention around potentially scary objects will help them let them get comfortable at their own pace. <br />You can still get your puppy used to things around the house and garden. Introducing noisy household appliances, different surfaces, slippery floors, carpet, brass grapes, get them used to different sounds. <br />You can download an app or find clips online with plenty of sounds from cars to babies crying from the noise of the tractor to thunderstorms, fireworks or aeroplanes taking off. Start by introducing these sounds quietly and gradually build them up so your pup can carry on eating, playing or sleeping and happily ignore them. Pretend you're at a fancy dress party and dress up in strange outfits. Make use of glasses hats weeks false beards. The idea is to build up your puppets confidence with a variety of two legged beings. <br />If you have a garden and neighbours the other side of the fence your puppy will be able to smell and hear them. You can reward your puppy with games or treats for learning to happily ignore them. <br />Good training for future peaceful neighbourly relations. Teach your puppy to settle down on a lead while you sit at a table for a drink and chat. Do this in different rooms and then the garden good practice for future outings. <br />Play confidence building games, you'll find many ideas online. <br />Here are some ideas if and when you can go out for walks or car drives. Please adapt to suit whatever is currently most sensible and allowed. <br />A Dog's primary senses smell, your puppy will still benefit from seeing and especially smelling things even when they can't engage. For example, seeing people and other dogs in the distance. If you have to drive somewhere that's permitted, make use of the opportunity to take your puppy with you. If anyone approaches keep your puppy calm and happy by offering food to the property, not the people. <br />This is also very handy for teaching your puppy to be comfortable in the car and not to start guarding it. Again, when you can go out for walks in different places. Although you won't be gathering in groups as you might have done, it will give you a puppy the experience of new places and smells. And being as positive as we can about life during a pandemic, as it's now vital for us to socially distance by default. <br />We're also teaching our puppies not to expect to jump up and demand attention from every passing person. So don't worry about what you can't do. Give your puppy the variety of experiences that are possible and focus on having fun while building your puppies trust in you and confidence meeting the world around them.{% endraw %}
