---
title: "French Gas Cartridge Camping Stove Restoration"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/HUdRD74F5UQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "HUdRD74F5UQ"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["restoration","restore","antique"]
date: "2022-03-26T20:28:50+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-26T11:00:08Z"
duration: "PT20M40S"
viewcount: "2896"
likeCount: "321"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "AJ Restorations"
---
{% raw %}Hello Ladies and Gentlemen! I have this camping stove someone threw out. I could not let it die a sad death, so it was either it, or me hahaha. I gave it some love. <br /><br />I hope you enjoy the video.<br /><br />If you have any suggestions for improvement, or compliments share them below!<br /><br />Please leave a like if you did like the video, please subscribe and feel free to comment your thoughts and as always thank you for watching.<br /><br />Members Credit.<br />Ray Wood<br />Michael Kelleher<br />Karin Wallace<br />Random Projects Tube<br />WILD35 KSM<br /><br />Thank you all for your support! I appreciate all of you!<br /><br />Link for becoming a channel member. (less than 2 dollars)<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkkj8VTmpWTU431qYX4_Svg/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkkj8VTmpWTU431qYX4_Svg/join</a><br /><br />The design of most portable gas cartridge stoves is similar to that of many pressurized burner stoves, except the fuel tank or cartridge contains a liquefied gas – typically butane, propane, or a mixture of hydrocarbons – that is held under pressure. While the gas in the cartridge is in a liquid state when stored under pressure, it vaporizes immediately as it leaves the storage bottle (i.e., without priming), arriving at the burner as a gas. <br /><br />The principal advantage of gas cartridge stoves is convenience: no priming is required, they are generally maintenance-free and capable of immediate high heat output, the flame is easily adjusted and they are generally considered simpler to operate. There are two basic designs for most gas cartridge stoves used for camping: the burner assembly is fitted into the top of the gas cartridge, which serves as the stove's base, or the stove is free-standing and the cartridge is separated from the burner and connected by means of a small hose or pipe. <br /><br />Single burner propane stoves commonly used in foodservice have the gas container integrated into the body of the stove. Butane cartridges are almost exclusively manufactured in South Korea with the only exception being one manufacturer in Houston, Texas. Butane canisters manufactured in South Korea contain butane from Saudi Arabia, while the American manufacturer fills canisters with domestic butane.<br /><br />Gas cartridges for camping stoves tend to be costly and usually are not refillable. Single-use cartridges are considered objectionable by some on environmental grounds. They perform poorly in cold weather. Until the approval of EN 417-specification Lindal valve cartridges of 1992, there was little compatibility between different makers and systems, and cartridges for older cartridge stoves were often unobtainable. Outside of camping, single-burner stoves using cans of compressed butane gas are used for catering and other foodservice applications.{% endraw %}
