---
title: "Brother Colm Interview: \"The Secret is that there is no secret\" | Run with Sung"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/23GEVXGYkUk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "23GEVXGYkUk"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["Interview with Brother Colm","Coach of Rhonex Kipruto","Coach of David Rudisha"]
date: "2022-03-21T16:22:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-07-08T06:01:20Z"
duration: "PT1H2M19S"
viewcount: "7711"
likeCount: "231"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Run with Sung"
---
{% raw %}Brother Colm has coached Rhonex Kipruto, David Rudisha, and many, many world-class runners from Kenya. He is called 'Godfather of Kenyan Running.' In this interview, you will hear him speak about how he first started coaching in Iten, why he never gets involved financially with his athletes and his thoughts on the nutrition and sophisticaiton of the sport.<br />— <br />✳️Highlights✳️<br />2:10<br />“People showing up at my door is a regular feature of my life.”<br />4:20<br />“There is nothing dramatic happening in our training. But at the same time, maybe there is a human element to our story and there is an approach we have that touches people.”<br />5:30<br />“Maybe I try to (let) athletes integrating athletics into their personality and character. Rather than your whole character and personality becoming athletic. I like them to feel that athletics and your talent are just small part of who you are.”<br />7:40 <br />Difference between an athlete who integrates athletics into his/her life and an athlete who squeezes his/her life into athletics.<br />23:20<br />Why Brother Colm does not deal with his athletes financially<br />28:40<br />Brother Colm’s thoughts on drug use in the world of athlectics<br />35:25<br />Bro Colm’s thoughts on money<br />38:07<br />“You become vulnerable when you become only money-oriented.”<br />40:05<br />A big part of why Brother Colm came to Kenya: Working with young people<br />41:20 <br />Best way to inspire young people<br />45:35<br />The moments when Brother Colm has biggest smiles on his face<br />(From my interactions with him)<br />46:50<br />“We are touched by people. It is the people that touch our lives. So my idea has always been people centered. I have no facilities here. No gymnasium, no track, just a field. So, it’s about people.”<br />48:10<br />“Very often I think we can overemphasize facilities at the expense of the person.”<br />50:20<br />“I depended on my athletes in the beginning to teach me how to coach.”<br />51:51<br />“This is coaching made in Kenya.”<br />53:10<br />How Brother Colm developed his coaching system<br />54:00<br />Brother Colm’s thoughts on Kenyan nutrition<br />55:50<br />Brother Colm’s thoughts on sophistication of the athletics<br />56:20<br />“It wasn’t until 25 years after I came that people began to focus a bit more on Iten and realize there must be something going on here.”<br />57:10<br />“Maybe we became too scientific, maybe too technical. Running is among the most simplest, basic movement of human being. So maybe, we need to go back and look at the basics of the sport.”<br />57:44<br />“Maybe that is a kind of wake-up call coming from Iten to the world of athletics.”<br />--<br /><br />대학원에서 환경 공학을 공부하다가 어떻게 달리기에 빠졌고,<br />어떤 사고의 과정을 거쳐 달리려고 케냐에 갔는지,<br />에세이 같이 책으로 남겼습니다.<br />저의 첫 책, [마인드풀러닝] 구경가기<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/mindfulrunbook">http://bit.ly/mindfulrunbook</a><br /><br />명상같은 달리기를 통한 연결, 자유, 성장.<br />달리기를 즐겁고 건강하게 하는 커뮤니티.<br />마인드풀러닝스쿨에서 함께 달려요<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.mindfulrunningschool.com/">http://www.mindfulrunningschool.com/</a><br /><br />이메일: mindfulrunningschool@gmail.com<br />인스타: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/sungwooinsta">http://bit.ly/sungwooinsta</a>{% endraw %}
