---
title: "Leader of Bathtub Manufacturer in China - T&W Sanitary Ware Co., Ltd"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/dCz-LDZM3E0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "dCz-LDZM3E0"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["bathtub manufacturer","China bathtub"]
date: "2022-02-20T19:49:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-11T08:33:13Z"
duration: "PT3M24S"
viewcount: "3159"
likeCount: "2"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "T&W Sanitary Ware Co., Ltd"
---
{% raw %}T&amp;W Sanitary Ware Co., Ltd Promotional Video- Bathtub Manufacturer, Bathroom Cabinet Supplier, Wash Basin Factory<br /><br />T&amp;W Sanitary Ware Co., Ltd Located in the sanitary ware industry base - Foshan, Guangdong Province. It is a large-scale comprehensive enterprise specializing in design, development, manufacturing, and sales. The main products are high-end bathtubs, bathroom cabinets, mirrors, washing basins, pedestal basins, home decorations, and so on.<br /><br />The company was founded in 2003, at the same time, set up brand T&amp;W. With its innovative design and outstanding quality, T&amp;W brand products sell well in more than 50 countries including the United States, Canada, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and other places. And T&amp;W brand products are highly praised by overseas customers as &quot;the art of bathroom&quot;.<br /><br />The company is located in the hinterland of the Pearl River Delta, close to many ports such as Foshan Port, Nanshan Port, and Shenzhen Port. The convenient transportation and shipping advantages drive the products to be sold at home and abroad.<br />In more than ten years of development, continuous improvement of products and technology has brought us continuous growth.<br />The company's plant area has been expanded to 32,000 square meters. The annual output value of more than 30 million U.S. dollars.<br />The company has several fully automated advanced production equipment. It also has more than 200 professional and technical personnel and production workers.<br /><br />In the past two years, the global economic situation and the international environment were complicated. We grasped the opportunity, timely adjust response measures, adhere to the strategy of innovative development, and constantly study products and markets, laying a solid foundation for the company's subsequent development. To meet the needs of different customers, the company has passed ISO9001: 2000 quality management system certification and its products have obtained CE and CUPC certifications.<br /><br />Details make perfect, and success starts from persistence.  As the benchmark of the industry, T&amp;W is committed to the concept of quality for survival, innovation for the breakthrough, management for efficiency, and harmony for development.<br /><br />We firmly believe that, with the unremitting efforts of all employees and the strong support of global customers, T&amp;W will surely give back to society with better products and more brilliant performance<br /><br />We hope all of us can cooperate development, create a bright future, help each other forward, and build win-win business relationships.<br /><br />Website： <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.twbathtub.com">https://www.twbathtub.com</a> <br />Email：info@twbathtub.com <br />WhatsApp：+8616675834083{% endraw %}
