---
title: "Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2 - in-depth comparison"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/BLNY8umHzVE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "BLNY8umHzVE"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["remarkable 2","how to","note air"]
date: "2022-04-15T12:07:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-07T20:00:03Z"
duration: "PT24M31S"
viewcount: "93139"
likeCount: "1649"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "GorillaPhysics"
---
{% raw %}These are the three best 10.3&quot; e-ink tablets available in 2022:  the remarkable 2, the Boox Note Air 2 and the Supernote A5X.  This is my detaile comparison.  Let's go in-depth and see which one you should buy, because if you are thinking of buying an e-paper tablet, this is probably going to be your choice.<br /><br />Amazon affiliate links:<br />Lamy EMR pen:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/3r16iCd">https://amzn.to/3r16iCd</a><br /><br />Folio seems to have gone form amazon, sorry all!<br /><br />Onyx Boox sent me these three e ink tablets to try:<br />The Max Lumi<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/3zaTJYk">https://amzn.to/3zaTJYk</a><br />(Max Lumi 2) <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/3ED5S9N">https://amzn.to/3ED5S9N</a><br /><br />Note Air 2<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/3qAvoHO">https://amzn.to/3qAvoHO</a><br /><br />Nova Air<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/3mHpIKT">https://amzn.to/3mHpIKT</a><br />I love them all, I know which one I'd buy if I could only have more but...<br />This is more about your choice.<br /><br />Chapters:<br />0:00 Conclusions Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2, which should you buy?<br />1:27 Reading on Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2<br />2:39 Writing on Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2<br />4:49 Note taking on Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2<br />7:22 Drawing on Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2<br />9:30 Workflow with the Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2<br />11:12 Ease of use of the Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2<br />12:23 Price of Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2<br />15:28 Accessories for the Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2<br />18:02 Apps on the Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2<br />19:54 Opportunities with the Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2<br />22:11 Final thoughts on Remarkable 2 vs Supernote A5X vs Boox Note Air 2<br /><br />Just a note pad, to a notepad plus, to the ability to do everything a tablet can.<br /><br />This is how you are going to make your choice.<br />All have a premium design, great accessories, great writing feel.<br />Simple but limited, through this features for professionals, to do anything but complex.<br />Pick it up and use it without a thought, through to read the user manual!<br /><br />Scale of techy from ras pi to Apple.<br />Boox to remarkable!<br />How keen on tech are you, that will help you make the choice.<br /><br />Prices, well you know you are getting into something niche and expensive.<br />Subscription for one of them.  But you could use it without.<br /><br />I love them all, I know which one I'd buy if I could only have more but...<br />This is more about your choice.<br /><br />Just a note pad, to a notepad plus, to the ability to do everything a tablet can.<br /><br />Boox vs remarkable vs supernote?  If you are looking for a 10.3&quot; e-ink tablet then this is probably going to be your choice!  But which one should you buy of the Remarkable 2, Supernote A5X or Boox Note Air 2?<br /><br />I know which one I would buy, but this is how you are going to make your choice.<br />All have a premium design, great accessories, great writing feel.<br />Simple but limited, through this features for professionals, to do anything but complex.<br />Pick it up and use it without a thought, through to read the user manual!<br /><br />Check back for my full comparison against a whole bunch of categories and use cases.  But for now these are just my conclusions.<br /><br />Scale of techy from ras pi to Apple.<br />Boox to remarkable!<br />How keen on tech are you, that will help you make the choice.<br /><br />Prices, well you know you are getting into something niche and expensive.<br />Subscription for one of them.  But you could use it without.{% endraw %}
