---
title: "ASKING MY FRIENDS ABOUT THEIR JOBS AT UNIVERSITY \/\/ PART TIME ROLES, HOURS, APPLICATIONS & PAY"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/j5d6Kv54V18\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "j5d6Kv54V18"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["part time job university","student job university","part time job pay"]
date: "2022-03-06T13:43:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-06T10:00:16Z"
duration: "PT15M21S"
viewcount: "59"
likeCount: "8"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Imogen White"
---
{% raw %}Having worked in various part time jobs throughout the whole duration of my time at university so far, I've experienced many of the benefits of working but also many of the downsides of having more commitments than the average student. Today I've roped in the help of some of my friends to talk to you about their part time jobs, how much they earn, why they have them and how they got them! I hope you find these videos useful and if you have any questions about working at university, feel free to leave them in the comments and I'll get back to you!<br />Contact Details:<br />Tom: @personalstatementsupport or personalstatementhelps@gmail.com<br />Eirlys: @eirlysherring_<br />Maddie: @_maddieherring<br />Jack: @jackshuldham<br />I (try to) upload roughly once a week. Be sure to subscribe and turn on that bell notification to hear so you don’t miss my videos!<br />-------------------<br />Business Enquires: imogenwhitebusiness@gmail.com<br />Follow my social media: <br />Instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/immy.white/">https://www.instagram.com/immy.white/</a><br />Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/imogenwhite19">https://twitter.com/imogenwhite19</a><br />-------------------<br />How old are you? 21<br />Where are you from? Essex, UK<br />What do you study and where? Geography at LSE (London School of Economics)<br />What do you use to film? Iphone XR<br />What do you use to edit your videos? Final Cut Pro<br />--------------------<br />Music: <br />YouTube Audio Library<br />-------------------<br />Thanks for watching &amp; make sure to subscribe! x<br />-----------------<br />Topics my channel covers: <br />- Student life at the London School of Economics and Political Science (classes, campus tours, vlogs, day/ week in the life etc)<br />- General student tips (budgeting, setting a budget, funding, working out finances etc)<br />- Admissions advice for London School of Economics and other universities I applied to (Rankings, requirements, personal statements)<br />- My experience and opinions on the London School of Economics (the truth , things I love and hate about LSE)<br />- My gap year (what you can do on your gap year, how to plan your gap year)<br />- Living in London as a university student (Kings College London, UCL, LSE, Queen Mary University London, SOAS, Birkbeck, Imperial, New College of the Humanities, City UOL, UAL etc)<br />Imogen white lse,london school of economics,london school of economics and political science,london university,university of london,university college london,london university room tour,london university campus tour,london school of economics ranking,london university accommodation,truth about the london school of economics,73 questions with lse student,look round London university,London university day in the life,uk university campus tour,LSE student vlogger, Imogen white lse,Imogen white gap year,day in the life,lse day in the life,day in the life london university student,day in the life of a student uk,london university student day in the life,student day in the life,day in the life of a university student,london school of economics,day in the life lse,university day in the life,realistic day in the life london,day in the life online university,productive day in my life,day in the life London uni,London study<br />part time job university,student job university,part time job pay,jobs in london,part time jobs in london,university student in london,London uni student,living in London student,applying for part time job uni,saving money at uni,budgetting for uni,how to get an internship,lse,London school of economics,imogen white,uni student jobs,asking my friends about their part time jobs,part time roles,job applications,end of part time job interview,prep for uni{% endraw %}
