---
title: "Dr. Joe Dispenza: MEDITATION - FREE Yourself from the Chains of your familiar past!  [ADS FREE]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ImULRjLR6hc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ImULRjLR6hc"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Dispenza:","MEDITATION","Yourself"]
date: "2022-01-15T04:45:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-07T16:45:00Z"
duration: "PT20M23S"
viewcount: "701"
likeCount: "35"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Heart Mind Soul Integrity"
---
{% raw %}SPEAKER : Dr. Joe Dispenza *CREDIT You can find more of Dr. Joe Dispenza's work here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://drjoedispenza.com">https://drjoedispenza.com</a> <br /><br />Joe Dispenza New York Times bestselling author, researcher, chiropractor and lecturer. Dr. Joe Dispenza has taught neuroscience and human potential to thousands of people around the world. Dr. Joe Dispenza empowers you with the knowledge and tools to eliminate destructive and everyday habits so that you can reach your vision and goals. Dr. Joe Dispenza's creative approach bridges the gap between neuroscience and true human potential. Dr. Joe Dispenza explains how you can literally rewire your brain to create a new mind and produce new results in your life. <br /><br /><br />🔔 For more inspiring and motivation videos please subscribe to my channel <br /><br />Topics are: becoming supernatural, pineal gland activation, breathing technique,  heal your body with your mind, reprogram your DNA, overcome your old self, relaxing meditations and many more.<br />Feel free to press the bell icon to get a notification, when the new video will be published. <br /><br />I bless you with health, joy, freedom, peace, love, wealth, abundance, success &amp; the best life changing results with this meditation!<br /><br />#joedispenza #Meditation #Quantum #drjoedispenza<br />#QuantumDispenza #joedispenza2021 #joedispenza #dr.joedispenza #energycenters #joedispenzaMeditation #brainheartcoherence #heartbraincoherence #drjoedispenzabecomingsupernatural<br /><br />🎥Video footage: all video footage used is either licensed through either CC-BY or from Videoblocks, Pexels, Videezy and pixabay. <br /><br />Music:<br />Free Audio Library- No Copyright Music Meditation music for positive energy no copyright music <br />Music from fesliyanstudios:<br />Free Music user license - www.fesliyanstudios.com <br />no copyright music; Tracks: Tranquility &amp; Deep Meditation by David Fesliyan<br />No Copyright Music Meditation music for positive energy <br /><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />**FAIR-USE COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 <br />of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes <br />such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. <br />Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. <br />Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favour of fair use. <br />This video has no negative impact on the original works <br />(It would actually be positive for them) -This video is also for teaching purposes. <br />-It is not transformative in nature. -We've only used bits and pieces of videos to <br />get the point across where necessary. We make these videos <br />with the intention of educating others in a motivational/inspirational form. <br />We do not own the clips and music we use in most cases. <br />Our understanding is that it is in correlation to Fair Right Use, <br />however given that it is open to interpretation, <br />if any owners of the content clips would like us to remove the video, <br />we have no problem with that and will do so as fast as possible.{% endraw %}
