---
title: "The Science of Looking Younger Longer | LONGEVITY SERIES PART 6 Serena Poon & Dr. David Sinclair"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/M7jGOZHPw0U\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "M7jGOZHPw0U"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["chef serena poon","serena poon","nutrition"]
date: "2022-02-22T15:06:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-21T19:18:37Z"
duration: "PT48M30S"
viewcount: "458"
likeCount: "22"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Chef Serena Poon"
---
{% raw %}Have you ever wondered why some people look like they’re the same age they were 20 years ago and why some look so much older? There are technologies, nutrition, and topicals that can slow down and reverse cosmetic aging for the LONG TERM. We may often pass off the desire to look more youthful to vanity, but looking younger on the outside not only can be a sign of good health, but it can also positively affect your actions, emotional and mental wellbeing as well. <br /><br />In this IG LIVE replay, Dr. David Sinclair &amp; I talked about why people age cosmetically, what that means about their overall health, and what you can actually do to prevent, delay, and reverse cosmetic aging for your hair, skin, &amp; nails. I hope you enjoyed this episode of the Longevity Lifestyle Lives! <br /><br />In Dr. Sinclair’s latest podcast episode he talked about why superficial aging occurs and how external signs of aging are often a reflection of biological age. The latest science behind various beautifying therapies is highlighted, including newer interventions like low-level laser therapy and platelet-rich plasma injections.<br /><br />This series continues Feb &amp; March of 2022. <br /><br />SUBSCRIBE HERE TO GET EXCLUSIVE SHOW NOTES FROM DAVID &amp; SERENA'S LONGEVITY LIFESTYLE SERIES: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://go.serenaloves.com/optin1641596721828">https://go.serenaloves.com/optin1641596721828</a><br /><br />LISTEN TO THE LATEST EPISODE OF DAVID'S PODCAST: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://anchor.fm/lifespan">https://anchor.fm/lifespan</a><br /><br />13 ANTI-AGING NUTRITION TIPS FOR RADIANT SKIN: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.serenaloves.com/blogs/wellness-blog/13-anti-aging-nutrition-tips-for-radiant-skin-beauty-from-the-inside-out?">https://www.serenaloves.com/blogs/wellness-blog/13-anti-aging-nutrition-tips-for-radiant-skin-beauty-from-the-inside-out?</a><br /><br />PROTECT YOUR SKIN FROM THE SUN WITH THESE SUPERFOODS: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.serenaloves.com/blogs/wellness-blog/eat-your-sun-protection?">https://www.serenaloves.com/blogs/wellness-blog/eat-your-sun-protection?</a><br /><br />TEXT US QUESTIONS at 310-317-7852<br /><br />THE SCIENCE OF LOOKING YOUNGER, LONGER ON SERENA POON IG LIVE - SHOW NOTES<br />Visual age vs Epigenetic age.  What is Horvath's clock? (01:11)<br />Topics David &amp; Serena discuss in the Longevity Lifestyle series part 6 (03:26)<br />What skin does for your overall health and how to preserve your skin's longevity (04:55)<br />Why hydration is important for your skin (05:22)<br />Creams and topical treatments that work for anti-aging skin benefits (06:36)<br />Retinol and hair growth (08:34)<br />Which Retinol-A 5 to use (09:44)<br />How to maintain the structural integrity of the skin (12:47)<br />The skin's microbiome and probiotic skincare (13:50)<br />Can topicals and supplements make you sun photosensitive? Best types of sunblock for skin longevity (15:31)<br />Dry Brushing as an anti-aging skincare practice (16:37)<br />Vitamin B3 and NAD for a more youthful appearance (17:49)<br />Boosting skin health and glow from the inside out (19:23)<br />Antioxidants for younger skin (19:43)<br />The latest on Vitamin C and skin aging (20:14)<br />Resveratrol (20:55)<br />Yoga for the skin (21:33)<br />Microcurrent skin treatment for reducing wrinkles and sagging (22:05)<br />Serena Poon's beauty secrets: micro-needling, microcurrent, dermaplane (22:59)<br />Micro-needling skin treatments at home (26:29)<br />Supplements for skin, hair and nails (28:00)<br />NMN &amp; circulation - why it is important for the skin (28:50)<br />Senolytics and James Kirkland's clinical trials (29:51) - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/results?cond=&amp;term=james+kirkland&amp;cntry=&amp;state=&amp;city=&amp;dist=">https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/results?cond=&amp;term=james+kirkland&amp;cntry=&amp;state=&amp;city=&amp;dist=</a><br />Reducing age-related skin pigmentation (34:36)<br />Nutrients to help your skin to stay younger (37:54)<br />How sugar affects skin aging (40:53)<br />What you can take and do to prevent hair-loss (44:42)<br /><br />ABOUT YOUR HOSTS:<br />Serena Poon CN, CHC, CHN is a celebrity chef, nutritionist, an expert in longevity wellness, and founder of Serena Loves, a lifestyle brand, blog and TV show that is rooted in her method of Culinary Alchemy® and enhanced by her wellness line of super nutrient foods and supplements, Just Add Water®<br /><br />@David Sinclair is a professor of Genetics @Harvard Medical School  . He is known for his work to understand why we age and how to reverse it &amp; the NYT best-selling book “Lifespan”. He’s was named TIME Magazine’s 100 Most Influential in the World and Top 50 in Healthcare.<br /><br />#SerenaLoves #LongevityLifestyle #Science #Sinclairlab #Lifespanpodcast #longevity #antiaging #skincare #pigmentation #microneedling #vitaminc #glow #NAD #skinaging #hairgrowth #resveratrol #retinol #probioticskincare <br /><br />Photo Credit: Milla Kuhto Bryan &amp; Mike Blabac{% endraw %}
