---
title: "2Pac - Picture Me Rollin'"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/n8QurABRsqE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "n8QurABRsqE"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["2pac","picture me rollin","picture"]
date: "2022-05-06T17:56:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-05-22T23:55:38Z"
duration: "PT5M15S"
viewcount: "17002047"
likeCount: "167911"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Seven Hip-Hop"
---
{% raw %}2Pac performing Picture Me Rollin'. From the album All Eyez On Me © 1996 DRR<br /><br />Lyrics:<br />Yeah, clear enough for ya? (alright)<br />My niggas look mad<br />Y'all supposed to be happy I'm free!<br />Y'all niggas look like y'all wanted me to stay in jail<br />Hoe bustas!<br /><br />[2Pac:]<br />Picture me rollin' in my 500 Benz<br />I got no love for these niggas, there's no need to be friends<br />They got me under surveillance, that's what somebody be tellin'<br />&quot;Know there's dope being sold&quot;, but I ain't the one sellin'<br />Don't want to be another number<br />I gotta puff a gang of weed to keep from goin' under<br />The federales wanna see me dead<br />Niggas put prices on my head<br />Now I got two Rottweilers by my bed, I feed 'em lead<br />Now I'm released, how will I live?<br />Will God forgive me for all the dirt a nigga did, to feed kids?<br />One life to live, it's so hard to be positive<br />When niggas shootin' at your crib<br />Mama, I'm still thuggin', the world is a war zone<br />My homies is inmates, and most of them dead wrong<br />Full grown, finally a man, just schemin' on ways<br />to put some green inside the palms of my empty hands<br />Just picture me rollin'<br />Flossin' a Benz on rims that isn't stolen<br />My dreams is censored, my hopes are gone<br />I'm like a fiend that finally sees when all the dope is gone<br />My nerves is wrecked, heart beatin' and my hands are swollen<br />Thinkin' of the G's I'll be holdin'<br />Picture me rollin'<br /><br />[Danny Boy (2Pac):]<br />Picture me rollin'<br />Picture me rollin'<br />Picture me, picture me rollin'<br />Picture me rollin'<br />Ooh wee<br />(Can you see me now?<br />Move to the side a little bit so you can get a CLEAR picture<br />Can you see it?<br />Picture me rollin'<br />Picture me rollin'<br />Yeah nigga!<br />Ay, but peep how my nigga Syke do it to you<br />Guess who's back?)<br /><br />[Big Syke:]<br />I got ki's comin' from overseas<br />Cost a nigga 200 G's<br />I'm a street commando, Nino for example<br />This lavish lifestyle is hard to handle<br />So I got to floss cause I'm more like a boss player<br />Thug, branded to be a women-layer<br />So many player haters, imitators steady swangin'<br />Make me wanna start back bangin'<br />So I'm caught up in the game, dress code changed<br />Packin' 40 Glocks, contain 'em or rearrange<br />All that jealousy and envy comin' from my enemies<br />While I'm sippin' on Rémy<br />in front of black Lexus, Chevy's on the roam<br />'96 big body, sittin' on chrome<br />As we head up out the zone, stone-facin' is on<br />You can admire, but don't look too long<br />I'm livin' a dream with triple beams and my pockets bulgin'<br />It's hard to imagine<br />Picture me rollin'<br /><br />[Danny Boy:]<br />Picture me rollin'<br />Picture, picture me rollin'<br />Picture me rollin'<br />Picture me rollin'<br />Picture me<br /><br />[CPO (2Pac):]<br />I gots to get the fuck up in it, formulate a caper<br />Cause a nigga straight sufferin' from lack of havin' paper<br />My bitch fin' to have a bastard, see?<br />So I needs to hit a lick, drastically<br />I see some ballin' ass niggas, and they slippin' in my spot<br />And, uh, diggin' the plots. So what?<br />Checkin' in the park, 'Pac<br />(We caught 'em sleepin', he didn't peep you niggas creepin'?)<br />(This how we do it every weekend)<br />(I dump for madness, it's time to count the profit)<br />(CPO, we got the bomb spot, nigga time to clock it)<br />(I get the liquor, and you could get the females)<br />(This crooked shit that we inflictin' gettin' street sales)<br />Move smooth as a motherfucker, me and my 9<br />I'm as cool as a motherfucker, I'ma get mine<br />Now we satisfied, got the pockets on swollen<br />Boss Hogg and this 'Pac nigga<br />Picture us rollin'<br /><br />[Danny Boy:]<br />Picture me rollin'<br />Picture me<br />Picture me rollin'<br />Picture me rollin'<br />--<br /><br /><br />Listen to more of Tupac's greatest hits: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNvnh4cN6-ATAmKz-c_YiJW3j9i8hfzTx">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNvnh4cN6-ATAmKz-c_YiJW3j9i8hfzTx</a><br /><br /><br />#2Pac2020 #2Pac #Tupac{% endraw %}
