---
title: "Tour of Charles Dowding's no dig garden at a transition time between winter and spring"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/FNqPlo6icpc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "FNqPlo6icpc"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["no dig","spring gardening","make compost"]
date: "2022-04-13T03:25:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-09T08:02:27Z"
duration: "PT34M37S"
viewcount: "81616"
likeCount: "2687"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Charles Dowding"
---
{% raw %}It's 4th April and you see that small transplants are in the ground, yet new growth is hesitant. Their roots are establishing out of sight. Soil is healthy, covers are on where needed, and growth will be rapid once it warms up, from about mid April here.<br /><br />00:00 Introduction<br />00:39 In the greenhouse, and a look at the hotbed<br />02:01 Sowings on the hotbed - tomatoes, aubergines, peppers, marigolds, asparagus and I explain potting on<br />03:11 Showing you plants outside that have come from the greenhouse - multisown beetroot, spring onions, carrots<br />03:59 A word on fleece, and why I used wire hoops<br />04:35 A look at plants in the polytunnel: brassicas - salad rocket and mustards, endive and radish<br />05:16 Showing broccoli outside, and more on using fleece when it’s windy<br />06:43 A look at the herb garden<br />07:31 And a look at the new ground - multisown leeks…<br />08:06 …and bindweed!<br />09:44 Frost damage to broad beans<br />10:34 A look at overwintered garlic<br />11:06 The second polytunnel with more winter salad<br />11:28 Wild rocket, and how I harvest it differently to salad rocket<br />12:10 A look at Theramcrop, covering early cabbage and Calabrese<br />12:47 Rhubarb, planted in wood chip<br />13:40 A look at a pile of maturing wood chip <br />13:56 … a pile of municipal garden waste compost - very dry<br />14:14 … a pile of mushroom compost<br />15:15 …and a pile of green waste compost - full of bindweed<br />15:55 New ground, with black plastic to obliterate weeds<br />16:44 Showing a trial comparing old cow manure, fresh mushroom compost and old wood chip compost<br />17:19 A look at rye grain, which I use to make bread  <br />17:55 The importance of having edges<br />18:33 The pond, unfortunately with a leak<br />19:52 A brand new bed with wood chip mulch - a work in progress!<br />21:01 A look at a pallet of my homemade compost<br />22:18 A pallet of wood chip mixed with grass mowings<br />23:05 An overview of a selection of beds, nearly all covered in fleece, and growing a variety of frost hardy plants<br />23:49 Some Autumn raspberries, and using a metal bar to stop the roots from spreading<br />24:45 Plants for saving seed - carrots and onions<br />26:09 Established asparagus beds<br />27:01 Cauliflower in two stages<br />28:02 Then a look at onions, shallots, overwintered cabbages, broad beans<br />29:09 Another trial comparing different composts<br />29:54 …and another! Comparing the effects of no rotation on lettuce<br />30:12 Also no rotation of first early potatoes, eighth year in the same bed<br />30:54 Spinach leaves, made sweet by frost <br />32:30 Flowers starting to come up for summer<br />33:16 Brief mention of my new weekly advice subscription newsletter *more details in description below*<br />33:34 A look at the dig / no dig trial beds to finish off<br /><br />Video and edits by Alessandro Vitale @spicymoustache, and I hope you enjoy the new special music.<br /><br />I have started a new weekly advice newsletter - the What, When and How. It gives advice on sowing, transplanting, protecting, weeding and harvesting for the week ahead. It runs for 9 months each year, from February until October, and costs £5/month, or £30/year for the calendar year from date of sign up.<br />            **From Eddie Bailey, geologist &quot;&quot;This is so valuable, especially for full-time workers: a simple template ‘safety net’ I can follow and just get to it&quot;<br /><br />New subscribers receive a free one-week trial period. Monthly subscribers will not be charged during the months of November, December and January. You can unsubscribe at any time but without refunds for cancellation part-way through a subscription month.<br /><br />You can subscribe here, via Campaignzee: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://manage.campaignzee.com/sAxSigxfrC">https://manage.campaignzee.com/sAxSigxfrC</a><br />Or by visiting the signup box on my website home page: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://charlesdowding.co.uk/">https://charlesdowding.co.uk/</a><br /><br />You can pay a fee monthly to join this channel and support our work with helping gardeners grow better, and to receive monthly videos made only for members:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB1J6siDdmhwah7q0O2WJBg/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB1J6siDdmhwah7q0O2WJBg/join</a>{% endraw %}
