---
title: "URGENT Stock Up NOW | Food Shortages COMING | Hyperinflation | SHTF"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/z7FBC_ku3hE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "z7FBC_ku3hE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["food shortage","food shortages","empty shelves"]
date: "2022-04-23T22:12:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-20T23:30:05Z"
duration: "PT8M52S"
viewcount: "34334"
likeCount: "2350"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Riverside Homestead Life"
---
{% raw %}URGENT Stock Up NOW | Food Shortages COMING | Hyperinflation | SHTF<br />Such Important NEWS, Its getting Worse, Stock up what you need for the coming months/ update.<br /><br />Don’t forget to check out these other videos you may have missed at Riverside Homestead Life <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/RiversideHomesteadLife/videos">https://www.youtube.com/c/RiversideHomesteadLife/videos</a><br /><br />FREEZE RIGHT FREEZE DRYER<br />If you would like to buy a Freeze Right freeze dryer like I pointed to in video- this is my affiliate link- it will help out our channel by reserving a small commission and will not cost anything extra to you ! :)<br />Link:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://affiliates.harvestright.com/1450.html">https://affiliates.harvestright.com/1450.html</a><br /><br /><br />Coming food shortages are eminent, not many people realize how bad the upcoming food shortages are going to be.  There are three major reasons aiding to the increasing food shortages<br />and the ongoing inflation and hyperinflation.  Supply chain issues are getting worse around the world, especially with China and with all the lockdowns int China, people locked down<br />in their apartment buildings, being delivered their limited supplies, and being kicked out of their buildings to make room for quarantine locations.  People are starving in <br />China as nearly 400 people are locked down in China, whether it be full lock downs or partial lock downs causing major issues to the western countries with supply chain issues.  <br />Supply chain issues that will have a direct result on our food prices and inflation! Hyper inflation is getting worse along withe empty shelves in some places.  Some places <br />are seeing inflated prices of 40% to 100% inflation which is hyper inflation. <br /><br />Are you prepping? are you stockpiling what you will need in the coming months? We recommend you stock up now and be prepped for food shortages and supply chain disruptions that<br />will drive inflation up even more on food.  Food shortages are no joke, food shortages are world wide right now and getting worse by the day.  Nothing is getting better.<br /><br />The war between 2 countries in 2022 is not getting any better in fact its getting worse and news reports that this war could be spreading to other countries as threats are being made<br />recently with these changing times.<br /><br />The time to get ready is now, the time to be prepping is now, stock pile everything you can do it has to do with poultry, or eggs, and any food, the shortages in the coming months will be very big.￼<br /><br />SHTF is going to happen with our food shortages are you ready for SHTF? SHTF Prepping 2022 is happening now, and you need to be ready. Be sure to leave a comment on what you were seeing with grocery store shortages, empty shelves, the empty shelves in 2022 is a growing concern, let us know what you were seeing, are you seeing expensive poultry on the shelves, are you seeing shortages of poultry and eggs on the shelves question what are the prices of eggs? Can’t stress enough on stocking up on food now.<br /><br />#urgentstockupnow #foodshortagesCOMING #hyperinflation #SHTF{% endraw %}
