---
title: "Last Great Lines? | Bomba 9b & Bombardino 9a+\/9b | Adam Ondra"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ioAg56vEJsc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ioAg56vEJsc"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["Adam Ondra","Climbing","Lead"]
date: "2022-04-13T03:40:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-11T15:02:34Z"
duration: "PT23M23S"
viewcount: "88611"
likeCount: "4063"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Adam Ondra"
---
{% raw %}A perfectly cut, steep and exposed line in the vicinity of Arco, with perfect blue and grey limestone and impeccable tufas, has attracted me since I first noticed it. In 2012, I could bolt the last great line to the right of the wall. <br /><br />A series of 3 beautiful tufa features, with just enough holds in between them. But once the last tufa finishes, it remained a mystery. I bolted it, but I could not really think of any sequence to make that section climbable. <br />I abandoned the project, and 10 years later, I was back to see if something had changed. With a new perspective and experience, I could finally see a way how to pass through this section while I got also distracted by a bit easier variation, which turned out to be not easy at all. <br /><br />Watch the story of Bomba 9b, and it's a slightly easier variation of Bombardino 9a+/ 9b  in the new video! Featuring also Jakob Schubert, Pietro del Pra and Alfredo Webber. It was a great process of spending there great days with my friends, bolting together, being motivated to deal with often freezing conditions, and sharing the beta. Big thanks go to everybody who was part of the process!<br /><br />What do you think of the new cinematic movie? Do you see any more lines in Hotel Olivo crag?<br /><br />Timecodes: <br /><br />00:00 - Intro<br />00:21 - 10 Years Ago? Impossible<br />00:30 - Hotel Olivo Crag (Bus de la Stria, Arco, Italy)<br />01:00 - Last Great Lines<br />01:27 - Alfredo Webber (Bolter od Bombardino, local climbing legend)<br />02:00 - Pietro Dal Pra (Adams long-time friend, multi-pitch climbing legend)<br />02:33 - Adam crafting beta of Bombardino 9a+/9b <br />03:20 - Modern Rock Climbing by Pietro pint of view<br />04:07 - Adam talks about the Rock and Beta<br />04:30 - Alfredo Webber talks about Adam and Bombardino<br />05:00 - Real Struggle<br />05:50 - Gabriela Vráblíková (Adam's Physiotherapist)<br />07:00 - That Could Have Been That Try!<br />08:21 - Pietro Talks about Arco and the Evolution of Rock Climbing <br />08:58 - Waiting for &quot;The Strong Man&quot;<br />10:25 - That Day<br />13:20 - Crux of Bombardino 9a+/9b<br />14:40 - Bombardino 9a+/B (FA by Adam Ondra, February 2022)<br />15:38 - Greeting with Iva<br />16:41 - Looking at Those Lines (Orange and Red Line)<br />17:20 - Meeting @Jakob Schubert (friend, and @MAMMUT colleague athlete)<br />18:00 - Crafting Beta of Bomba 9b<br />19:05 - Jakob Talking about the Route<br />20:09 - First Tries<br />21:14 - Adam Sends His Film Crew Home, but...<br />21:56 - The Crux of Bomba 9b<br />22:32 - First Ascent of Bomba 9b by Adam Ondra (Bolted 2021, FA February 2022)<br />23:00 - Outro<br /><br />ENGLISH SUBTITLES AVAILABLE IN THE VIDEO SETTINGS<br />ČESKÉ TITULKY JSOU DOSTUPNÉ V NASTAVENÍ VIDEA<br /><br />Get yourself amazed by beautiful pictures in my photobook - AO Book:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://eshop.adamondra.com/p/ao-photo-book#69">https://eshop.adamondra.com/p/ao-photo-book#69</a><br /><br />Have you seen this video of mine ?!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/JPsWEr_v_ak">https://youtu.be/JPsWEr_v_ak</a><br /><br />Thumbnail picture by: Petr Chodura<br /><br />Story by<br />Adam Ondra<br /><br />Directed &amp; edited by<br />Laco Korbel<br /><br />Camera<br />Jan Vogl<br />Laco Korbel<br />Pavel Klement<br />Alfredo Webber<br /><br />Production<br />Kateřina Kuřátková<br />Jan Verner<br />Jakub Pína<br /><br />Subtitles by<br />Jarka Marčeková<br /><br />© 2022 AO Production s.r.o.<br /><br />@MAMMUT #rockclimbing #Mammut #climbing{% endraw %}
