---
title: "Perseverance Rover FINALLY Sent New Images From Mars. What Did It Find?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RanlBCNYUm4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RanlBCNYUm4"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["Perseverance","Rover","FINALLY"]
date: "2022-02-28T08:23:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-27T23:41:02Z"
duration: "PT11M47S"
viewcount: "1669"
likeCount: "111"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Cosmos Lab"
---
{% raw %}The Red Planet has always been under focus by the humans for building a life there. It was once a planet, beautiful and habitable just like our Earth and now scientists are searching for the traces of life there. For studying the red planet, NASA has sent many rovers that are taking the images and collecting the data. Just recently, NASA’s perseverance rover has completed its one year and NASA revealed some breathtaking images of the planet that we are going to show you today. Welcome to Cosmos Lab. Your one station for all the news from space. Join us in today’s video to find out about the NASA Perseverance rover’s one year anniversary and the images taken by it. You will also know all about the cameras that took these images and what strange object was found in one of the images.<br />It was a one fine day when NASA Perseverance Rover launched from Florida's Space Coast on July 30, 2020, hurtling into space atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket. Covering its journey towards our nearest neighboring planet, Perseverance touched down inside the Red Planet's Jezero Crater on Feb. 18, 2021 and just recently, it has completed its one year on Mars.<br />NASA's $2.7 billion Mars 2020 mission is more than just an exploration of the Red Planet. If all goes well, the life-hunting robot will also help a little bit of Mars make its way to Earth in a decade or so. The car-sized robot is searching for evidence of past microbial life and collecting  several dozen samples for future return to Earth, among other ambitious tasks.<br />NASA Acting Administrator Steve Jurczyk told Space.com shortly before Perseverance touched down, &quot;I don't think we've had a mission that is going to contribute so much to both science and technology. It's going to be truly amazing.&quot;<br />Perseverance measures approximately 10 feet long (excluding its robotic arm), 9 feet wide, and 7 feet tall (about 3 metres long, 2.7 metres wide and 2.2 metres tall). Perseverance weighs less than a compact car at 2,260 pounds (1,025 kilogrammes). Perseverance may look familiar because it is based on its predecessor, the Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) Curiosity rover, which landed in August 2012 and is still going strong today. Like Curiosity, the Perseverance rover was built by engineers and scientists at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California.<br />According to George Tahu, NASA's Perseverance programme executive, Perseverance's seven instruments &quot;build on the success of MSL, which was a proving ground for new technology.&quot; &quot;These will collect scientific data in ways that were not previously possible.&quot;<br />Perseverance, like Curiosity, used the same entry, descent, and landing (EDL) strategy. Both rovers sped into Mars' atmosphere, deployed a supersonic parachute after friction slowed them down enough, and were then gently lowered to the red dirt on cables by a rocket-powered &quot;sky crane.&quot;{% endraw %}
