---
title: "A Geology Insider Explains Why The Global Energy Crisis Is Going To Get Much, Much Worse"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/78-eKEelfLc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "78-eKEelfLc"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Global energy crisis","global energy supply","global energy prices"]
date: "2022-02-08T13:26:18+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-05T23:32:35Z"
duration: "PT12M37S"
viewcount: "38123"
likeCount: "3178"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Epic Economist"
---
{% raw %}We’re far deeper in trouble than we think and we’re only realizing this right now because of the brave people who have been coming forward to tell us what’s really driving our problems, and exposing what our leaders and the biased media do not dare to report to the public.  Since last year, the cost of all forms of traditional energy has started to skyrocket and continued to reach new highs with each passing month. And, of course, given that energy is what powers up every industry and essentially everything on our planet, these increased costs are fueling acute price increases on the consumer level as global production and transportation get significantly more expensive. <br />This new global energy crisis is causing some major disruptions in food production as well. One recent example is that it is pushing fertilizer prices to soar, consequently leading millions of farmers to give up on their crops this year and resulting in an increasingly tighter global food supply. It is also causing a tremendous amount of pain at the pump for millions of average Americans, with gas prices rising a staggering 70% over the past twelve months. On top of that, since everything we buy requires transportation, that’s also contributing to the inflationary spike that we’re currently witnessing. And this energy crisis is definitely going to affect many other spheres of our society, economy, and financial markets as it gradually worsen.<br />In fact, one expert who has been working in the oil industry for more than a decade is warning that things aren’t going to be getting any better. In a recent article published by Michael Snyder, the economist and financial analyst shared the highlights of a letter he got from a geology insider, who has patiently explained why this crisis isn’t going to be solved any time soon. “Oil is a limited resource. For a time, it was barely economic to drill shale wells because the margins of drilling in such poor rock were slightly better than what you could make on interest due to quantitative easing policy. Most of the shale companies, however, were simply Ponzi schemes and the shale industry lost billions as a whole. But the result of this loss of capital was record production.”<br />“This lack of investment will continue to push oil prices higher,” he continued. Oil is the top global resource upon which all of the economies on the planet are built. A spike in oil prices can immediately trigger food riots and collapse governments overnight, just as it happened during the Arab Spring. Politicians rely on cheap oil to maintain things under control, but according to the insider, they won’t be seeing low oil prices for a long time. All of this means that we’re inevitably headed to an era where we will be forced to pay much more for everything. You’ll probably be shocked when you see your next heating bill. Every time you go fill up your vehicle at the gas station, you’ll see that prices have gone up. Each trip to the grocery store will make you spend more than the last just to buy the same products you always do. <br />Actually, food prices are going to suffer the most given that there’s a series of other factors contributing to a persistent increase. Last week, a major food producer announced that it will start raising prices again on many of its most popular products sold in the U.S. Some of the items will face price hikes as high as 30 percent. For years and years, experts have been warning that consumer prices would get out of control if leaders failed to solve our foundational problems. And now it is happening right in front of our eyes. <br />Our policymakers thought that they could flood our financial system with artificial money without causing any severe consequences. And our politicians thought that they could borrow and spend trillions upon trillions of dollars without debasing the value of our currency. But they couldn’t be more wrong, and now it’s the American people who will pay for the crisis they created. We’re about to be absolutely shocked by the level of economic pain that we will soon be enduring.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.epiceconomist.com">https://www.epiceconomist.com</a>{% endraw %}
