---
title: "The man woke up from a 19-year coma and What he told disturbed everyone"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Q5fNxNp2wz4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Q5fNxNp2wz4"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Man","19 Year Coma","Woke Up"]
date: "2022-03-07T04:19:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-06T21:08:09Z"
duration: "PT7M46S"
viewcount: "26361"
likeCount: "1004"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Viral Stories"
---
{% raw %}The man woke up from a 19-year coma and What he told disturbed everyone<br /><br />US: A man who was in a coma for 19 years after a car crash woke up and spoke to his mother, who was sitting at his bedside. Mr Terry Wallis began with a few nouns, but gradually he found a torrent of phrases.<br /><br />&quot;He started out with 'Mum' and surprised her and then it was 'Pepsi' and then it was 'milk',&quot; Alesha Badgley, director of the Arkansas rehabilitation centre where Mr Wallis was being cared for, said. &quot;Now it is anything he wants to say.&quot;<br /><br />His mother, Mrs Angilee Wallis, said it was a miracle: &quot;I couldn't tell you my first thought, I just fell over on the floor,&quot; she said.<br /><br />Mr Wallis, now 39, was driving with a friend in July 1984 when their car left the road and plunged into a creek. The pair were found the next day under a bridge - the friend was dead and Mr Wallis was in a coma.<br /><br />His daughter Amber, who was born just before the accident, is now 19. Mr Wallis was left as a quadriplegic as a result of the crash, and said he is determined to walk again for her.<br /><br />&quot;It has been hard dealing with it, it has been hard realising the man I married cannot be there,&quot; his wife, Sandi, said. &quot;The whole family missed out on his company.&quot;<br /><br />The silence ended when Mr Wallis uttered his first word.<br /><br />His father, Mr Jerry Wallis, said his son talks almost non-stop now, but it seems as though time stopped for him after the wreck - he still believes Ronald Reagan is president.<br /><br />Bill Clinton was Arkansas's governor at the time of the car crash.<br /><br />Mr Wallis has asked to speak to his grandmother, who died several years ago, and even recited her phone number - something everyone else in the family had forgotten. &quot;You see, he's still back in 1984,&quot; his father said.<br /><br />  Learn more<br /><br />Mr Perry Wallis, Terry's brother, said: &quot;Just to put it bluntly, it was pure hell to see your brother laying there, not knowing if you will ever talk to him again.&quot;<br /><br />The timing of the recovery also &quot;was kind of peculiar&quot;, his father said. &quot;He wrecked on Friday the 13th and 19 years later he started talking on Friday the 13th. - (AP) <br /><br /><br /><br /><br />► Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use<br />Website <br /><br />► For copyright matters relating to our channel please contact us directly at :  adsadsrah@gmail.com<br /><br /><br />► SUBSCRIBE US: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2GUYwow">http://bit.ly/2GUYwow</a><br />► Like us Our Facebook Page: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2BVhGXm">http://bit.ly/2BVhGXm</a><br />► Follow On Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2Xxe6fa">http://bit.ly/2Xxe6fa</a><br />► OUR Website : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2GUYwow">http://bit.ly/2GUYwow</a><br /><br />#story time #trending #Viral_Stories{% endraw %}
