---
title: "10 MOST EXPENSIVE METAL ON PLANET EARTH 🌍 2020 (Expensive!)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/gdOMhsCIyLs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "gdOMhsCIyLs"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["MOST EXPENSIVE METAL ON PLANET EARTH 2020","10 most expensive metal 2020","MOST EXPENSIVE METAL 2020"]
date: "2022-02-03T17:36:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-05-22T21:16:43Z"
duration: "PT10M8S"
viewcount: "30067"
likeCount: "653"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "WOOW INFO"
---
{% raw %}check out our murch store right here : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3e9Sq0b">https://bit.ly/3e9Sq0b</a><br /><br />THE MOST EXPENSIVE 10 METAL ON PLANET EARTH ORDRED FROM THE SHEAPEST TO THE MOST EXPENSIVE<br /><br />Many investors ask which is the most expensive metal in the world. Making a list of the most expensive metals is difficult however, and is always subject to change due to the changes in each metals price.<br /><br />The most expensive metals are generally classed as precious metals and/or noble metals. Precious metals are defined as being rare and of high economic value. Noble metals are those that do not corrode, or have a very high resistance to corrosion.<br />THE MOST EXPENSIVE 10 METAL ON PLANET EARTH FROM THE SHEAPEST TO THE MOST EXPENSIVE<br />The price of the numerous precious metals is determined by three factors; scarcity, applications, and the market demand.<br /><br /><br />Top ten most expensive metals in the planet of earth <br />10) Silver 00:49<br />9) Osmium 01:30<br />8) Ruthenium 02:51<br />7) Platinum 01:59<br />6) Rhenium 03:29<br />5) Gold 04:08<br />4) Iridium 05:21<br /><br />TOP 3 most expensive metals in the world (on planet earth)<br />3) ???????? 05:53<br />2) ?????? ???? 06:30<br />1) ????? ???? ????? 07:19<br />What is the most expensive metal in the world?<br />.<br />1. Californium<br />The most expensive metal in the world is Californium. Despite being the most expensive metal, it is actually of little interest or consequence to most people. It has a few select uses in the medical industry, but is in fact highly radio-active and extremely dangerous! This limits its main use to nuclear power generation.<br />Californium is a man-made metal, and its huge price is entirely due to its rarity and production cost. Annually only 30 – 40 micrograms are made, in laboratories only in Russia and the United States.<br />2. Rhodium<br />Of far more practical application than californium and second to it, rhodium is the second-most expensive metal. Many people may think of gold or palladium as being more expensive than rhodium, but its greater scarcity and wide ranging applications make it consistently the second-most expensive metal. Though extremely rare, gold is four times more plentiful, and platinum five times more plentiful than rhodium. It is this scarcity which puts it in second in the table. Rhodium also has many uses; it is commonly used as plating in jewellery, especially on white gold.<br />Silver<br />Gold and silver have very similar histories and usages. Both have played large parts in human society over the years. Both have been, and still are, used in manufacturing and jewellery, and silver – as the best electrical and thermal conductor – is seeing a lot of growth for industrial use in recent years.<br />The big difference between gold and silver is caused by their comparative scarcity. Compared to gold, silver is relatively plentiful, and this is reflected in its expense. Nevertheless, like gold, silver can be a safe haven investment and can add diversity to an investment portfolio.<br />Gold<br /><br />---------------------------------------- THE TOP ONE'S ---------------------------------------<br />© Copyright Notice:<br /><br />We make these videos to motivate people and inspire them for a Better Future. We do not own the clips and music we use in most cases. Our understanding is that it is in correlation to Fair Right Use, however, given that it is open to interpretation, if any owners of the content clips would like us to remove the video, we have no problem with that and will do so as fast as possible. Please email us if you have any <br />bellaladel2@gmail.com<br /><br />FAIR-USE COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER<br /><br />* Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favour of fair use.<br /><br />1)This video has no negative impact on the original works (It would actually be positive for them)<br />2)I only used bits and pieces of videos to get the point across where necessary.{% endraw %}
