---
title: "Justin Gaethje vs Charles Olivera Pre-Fight Analysis & much much more AMA 105 - Coach Zahabi"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/kFAGYCKU-MA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "kFAGYCKU-MA"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["Justin","Gaethje","Charles"]
date: "2022-04-28T01:48:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-25T20:34:48Z"
duration: "PT1H29M33S"
viewcount: "14238"
likeCount: "557"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Tristar Gym"
---
{% raw %}Im looking forward to this fight! In this video I'm giving you my outlook on Gaethje vs Olivera!<br /><br />use promo code basicv210 on www.jujiclub.com <br /><br />MMA and Jiu-Jitsu are the most brutal sports for knees. Knee injuries are very common. Coach Zahabi has spent years working with the top experts from around the world on how to prevent and rehabilitate knee injury. In the Strong and Stable Program you will learn exactly how to keep your knees healthy for life! <br /> This video should be made mandatory for all life long athletes. You need this video to ensure you good health. This is MUST HAVE CONTENT! Like always Coach Zahabi gets directly to the point. The video starts with a few key concepts to keep you healthy for life then Coach moves on to Key exercises that build STRONG, STABLE, POWERFUL, MOBILE and DURABLE FEET AND LEGS! This will help you protect your knees for life!<br /><br />promo code SSP20 and get 20$ off <br /><br />Get the worlds most advanced stability program with discount here  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.jujiclub.com/discount/SSP20?redirect=%2Fproducts%2Fcoming-soon-strong-and-stable-knees-4-life">https://www.jujiclub.com/discount/SSP20?redirect=%2Fproducts%2Fcoming-soon-strong-and-stable-knees-4-life</a><br /><br />Most athletes injure themselves with Poor form, tight muscles, poor alignement and poor exercise selection. Coach resolves all these issues in about the first 45min! <br />Part 1 <br /><br />You will learn <br /><br />The Forbidden Exercise (Do not attempt) a demonstration in Black Belt stability.<br />Knee position Concepts (must know)<br />Neutral Spine Concepts (must know)<br />Neutral Neck concepts (must know)<br />Hip-Hinge Concept (must know)<br />Build an Iron Base<br />Lunge Matrix<br />Low Impact Plyometrics<br />Best substitute for running<br />Safely building rotational power<br />Box Squat for Power &amp; Safety<br />Building Powerful Hamstrings<br />The Fred Hatfield Concept<br />How to get maximum tension on the bar<br />Why power equals safety<br />Advanced Stability training<br />Stability ball hamstring curl progression<br />The most import BJJ mobility exercise for Guard Pass Prevention<br />More advanced stability ball exercises<br />Advanced mobility squat<br />Why stability equals safety<br />Key mobility exercises<br />And so much more!!!<br />Part 2 <br />After that Coach Zahabi goes into the “Knees in Depth” portion of the video. In this portion Coach will teach what you need to know to build strong health knees for life. Reserve this portion of the video for when it’s most convenient, here Coach goes into many deep concepts. <br /><br />Such as. <br />Why alignement is paramount <br />Why tight muscles are dangerous<br />Why stability training is king <br />Why we never do stability training before live training <br />Why you need strength <br />Why we need power &quot;Train like a Ferrari not like a tow truck&quot;<br />Why we need low impact plyometrics<br />Why you need endurance <br />Why we keep our knees from going over out toes<br />Would you do a barbell squat with a rounded back?<br />There are always exceptions to the rule <br />Consistency over intensity (how many reps and sets?)<br />Why excessive soreness is the enemy<br />Working out for time <br />The pain rule <br />When should you go see a physiotherapist?<br />Why you want to avoid knee injuries<br />When to wear knee pads<br />My personal knee injuries and training professionals for over 20 years<br />“ Take care of your knee you will miss them when they’re gone” Michael Colgan. <br /><br />This video runs for over 2hr with zero dead time or fluff! You get the equivalent of what you would learn in a 5 hour seminar! Coach loves to get straight to the point. You will waist zero minutes watching this video. Every single minute in this video is educational. <br /><br />See why Coach Zahabi's teaching style is favoured by many around the world!<br /><br /><br /><br />Juji Club is happy to announce that <br /><br />you can now Stream or Download the video!<br /><br />No more filling up your storage! Just stream the video whenever you want and watch it as many times as you like!<br /><br />Tristar Gym Kids class now on Saturdays at 1030am{% endraw %}
