---
title: "Elon Musk JUST WARNED Mark Zuckerberg: \"You Need To Stop This RIGHT NOW!\""
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/C7txOdJEDWw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "C7txOdJEDWw"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["elon musk","elon musk twitter","elon musk interview"]
date: "2022-05-03T08:15:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-02T19:15:00Z"
duration: "PT8M35S"
viewcount: "303725"
likeCount: "9814"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "SpaceX Live"
---
{% raw %}Elon Musk JUST WARNED Mark Zuckerberg: &quot;You Need To Stop This RIGHT NOW!&quot;<br /><br />🔔 Subscribe now with all notifications on for more Elon Musk, SpaceX and Tesla videos!<br /><br />The rivalry between Musk and Zuck is something that has been going on for quite a long time. It seems, though, that after Musk purchased Zuck's most wanted platform, the rivalry has taken an altogether new turn. Then, as usual, Elon Musk proved yet again that he is capable of doing what Zuckerberg has never even dared to dream of. So, what happens now? Do you think that Zuckerberg now envies Musk more than he did before? Or, did Musk manage to stop him? Well, let’s talk about this in today’s video.<br /><br />There was a time when people would say, neither Zuckerberg nor Musk's interests intersected much, as Zuckerberg was primarily interested in digital technology and Musk more with physical technology. But with this Purchase of Twitter, war is now on Zuckerberg’s turf. And it all started back in 2016 when they collided on a major scale, as SpaceX was getting ready to launch a big rocket and it was to carry a $200million satellite from Internet.org, a company backed by Zuckerberg. <br /><br />As the first collaboration between the billionaires, the telecommunications satellite would be launched into space by a rocket. However, it never took off. A fire broke out on the rocket preventing it from taking off. Both the rocket and satellite were destroyed. This was a major setback for SpaceX, which had just lost a rocket in a 2015 accident. And It all got downright worse as Musk was disappointed, but Zuckerberg became furious and expressed his thoughts on Facebook. But Zuckerberg never thought Elon would classically destroy him.<br /><br />Back when Elon Musk wasn't yet the owner of Twitter, he stated in an interview that Mark Zuckerberg would continue to control Meta for the foreseeable future. And During a recent interview at the TED conference held in Vancouver, British Columbia, Elon Musk was questioned about his recent offer to buy Twitter. Chris Anderson, the interviewer, posed the question to Musk about whether his role as the richest man on the planet and one of the platform's top influencers could create a conflict of interest.<br /><br />📺 Watch the entire video for more information!<br /><br />#Elonmusk #Twitter #SpaceX<br />_____________________________________________________<br /><br />About Space Live<br />🎥 Videos about Elon Musk, SpaceX, Tesla and more<br />🎨 Written, voiced and produced by Space Live<br />🔔 Subscribe now for more Elon Musk, SpaceX and Tesla videos<br /><br />Watch More from Space Live<br />🟢 Elon Musk News: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnEXUfPoD0wpm_jCO3qAoF-INE8csb4sf">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnEXUfPoD0wpm_jCO3qAoF-INE8csb4sf</a><br />🟠 SpaceX News: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnEXUfPoD0wrfwZLaJyNqjjEaxPiUuy7p">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnEXUfPoD0wrfwZLaJyNqjjEaxPiUuy7p</a><br />🔴 Tesla News: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnEXUfPoD0wqaY9rit0Tunko-q0mrFrCz">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnEXUfPoD0wqaY9rit0Tunko-q0mrFrCz</a><br /><br />_____________________________________________________<br /><br />💼 Business Inquiries and Contact<br />• For business inquiries, copyright matters or other inquiries please contact us at: spacelive0101@gmail.com.<br /><br />❓ Copyright Questions<br />• If you have any copyright questions or issues you can contact us at spacelive0101@gmail.com.<br /><br />⚠️ Copyright Disclaimers<br />• We use images and content in accordance with the YouTube Fair Use copyright guidelines<br />• Section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Act states: “Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright.” <br />• This video could contain certain copyrighted video clips, pictures, or photographs that were not specifically authorized to be used by the copyright holder(s), but which we believe in good faith are protected by federal law and the fair use doctrine for one or more of the reasons noted above.{% endraw %}
