---
title: "Austin Travels To South Africa In Search Of A DEADLY Hunter! 💀😱 | Curious?: Natural World"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/hX8m49FxGLk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "hX8m49FxGLk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Curious Natural World","Curious Natural World YouTube Channel","global warming discovery channel"]
date: "2022-04-25T11:52:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-24T17:00:18Z"
duration: "PT48M29S"
viewcount: "2726"
likeCount: "36"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Curious?: Natural World"
---
{% raw %}Austin travels to South Africa in search of leopards. Feared as man-eaters, these deadly hunters are so elusive that few people ever even manage to spot one.  But Austin is determined to find a mother and her cubs, and come home with a rare family portrait.<br /><br />Want to watch more episodes of Austin Stevens Adventures? Watch them here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3mV2n8r">https://bit.ly/3mV2n8r</a><br /><br />From Season 1 Episode 7 &quot;Man-Eating Leopards&quot;: After stocking up on supplies at a village shop, Austin heads to the spectacular savannah at the country’s eastern edge. Tracking leopards on foot is highly dangerous, so Austin conducts his preliminary searches from his truck. <br /><br />After staking out a popular leopard haunt and catching a few brief glimpses, Austin decides to head out into leopard country alone and on foot. When he eventually finds fresh leopard prints and a half-eaten kill hidden high up in a tree, he knows he’s hot on the trail of leopards.  But can he get close enough to get his photographs?  And will he get out alive? <br /><br />Also in this episode…  Austin encounters numerous savannah animals including a herd of deadly buffalo, giraffe, elephants, a rare wild dog pack nursing their pups, a thick-tailed scorpion, a boomslang tree snake, and an agile and venomous tiger snake.<br /><br />Austin Steven's Adventures - After flying into one of British Columbia's remote coastal islands, Austin patrols the inland rivers in search of grizzlies. After days of searching and spotting bears either too young or distant to photograph, Austin finally spots a mother grizzly with cubs. He follows, cutting inland through dense forest and when he finally emerges, Austin finds himself in the most extraordinary valley and face to face with a full-grown Mother grizzly.<br /><br />Heart-stopping adventure, deadly encounters and the roughest terrain on the planet. Join photographer and wildlife expert, Austin Stevens as he travels the globe in search of the world's most fascinating and dangerous animals.<br /><br />Welcome to the OFFICIAL Curious? Natural World YouTube Channel.<br /><br />Feeling curious? Learn something new and find your passion for the natural world by discovering what we can do collectively to better support our planet and what's living on it.<br /><br />As well as finding out more about our planet, watch what it is like when faced with some of the deadliest, venomous and rarest beasts whether it be by hunting for them or by complete accident. <br /><br />Subscribe to the OFFICIAL Curious? Natural World channel here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/38wHnxu">https://bit.ly/38wHnxu</a><br /><br />#CuriousNaturalWorld #AustinStevens #AustinStevensAdventures #DeadlyHunter #Leopards #ManEatingLeopards #FullEpisode #FullEpisodes #SouthAfrica #Africa #Wildlife #WildAnimals{% endraw %}
