---
title: "Plants That Are Guaranteed To Liven Up Your Indoors"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/wVYDmFKnkxM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "wVYDmFKnkxM"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["indoor plants","plants","indoor design"]
date: "2022-03-15T17:07:36+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-08-16T13:38:09Z"
duration: "PT3M32S"
viewcount: "108296"
likeCount: "2643"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Natural Ways"
---
{% raw %}If you want to decorate your house, look no further than the houseplant.<br />Some well-placed greenery can not only brighten a space but also purify the air — and they’re also helpful in creating a more relaxing, restful ambiance in any room. We know that spending time in nature is linked to reduced stress levels and tension relief. What’s more, in one study, Dutch researchers found that hospital patients with indoor plants in their rooms reported lower stress levels than patients without them.<br />Following are Such plants that will liven up your home.<br />1.Air Plants.<br />These beauties, which come in more than 600-varieties, can grow anywhere—no soil necessary. These bromeliads get all of the water and nutrients they need through their specialized leaves. Air-plants use their roots only for attaching themselves to rocks, trees, shrubs, and the ground.<br /><br />2.Donkey's Tail Plant.<br />Also know as Burro’s tail cactus is not technically a cactus but a succulent. Although all cacti are succulents, not all succulents are cactus. This easy-to-grow succulent is a stunner! Just be sure to provide it with plenty of sunlight.<br /><br />3.Calamondin Orange.<br />The Calamondin orange-tree often known as miniature-orange, is an ornamental tree producing fragrant flowers and a small tangerine-like fruit, which you can harvest and use to make jams and other treats.<br /><br />4.Lucky-Bamboo.<br />If you want to add greenery to the darker parts of your house, lucky-bamboo is your ideal plant. It thrives in dim, indirect sunlight and can add a major sense of feng shui and zen to your house — quite helpful for apartments in busy cities. Grow lucky bamboo in water, changing the water every 2-4 weeks.<br /><br />5.Anthurium.<br />Anthurium gives a bright color Showy flowers for 8-weeks or more. Also known as flamingo flower. They typically are red, but you can find hybrids in shades of pink, lavender, white and even green. Anthurium flower blossoms make superb cut flowers because they last a long time. <br /><br /><br /><br />6.Peace Lily.<br />The beautiful peace lily plant is a wonderful low-maintenance flower to keep in the home. Peace-lilies do well in shade and cooler temperatures, and they can reduce the levels of a number of toxins in the air.<br /><br />7.Snake-plant.<br />Snake-plants don’t need much light or water to survive, so they’re an easy choice for any corner of your home. The plant absorbs carbon-dioxide and releases oxygen during the night while most plants do so during the day. so add one to your bedroom for a clean-air boost.<br /><br />8.Golden Pothos<br />The golden pothos makes the NASA list for its ability to clear formaldehyde from the air. Try adding it to your kitchen or living room as a hanging plant, as the leaves will grow down in cascading vines. They grow easily in cool temperatures with low-levels of sunlight.<br /><br />9. Paddle plant<br />The paddle plant is a succulent with a unique shape and non-fussy requirements for care.<br />This plant does well in indoor environments, withstanding dry air even when you crank up the heat in your room during the winter months.<br /><br /><br />NOTE: The materials and the information contained on Natural ways channel are provided for general and educational purposes only and do not constitute any legal, medical or other professional advice on any subject matter. None of the information on our videos is a substitute for a diagnosis and treatment by your health professional. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider prior to starting any new diet or treatment and with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. If you have or suspect that you have a medical problem, promptly contact your health care provide.<br /><br /><br />google plus: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://plus.google.com/b/113379601003474436812/113379601003474436812">https://plus.google.com/b/113379601003474436812/113379601003474436812</a><br /><br />Images licensed under Creative Commons:<br />www.wikihow.com<br />canstockphoto.com<br />www.pixabay.com<br />Pinterest{% endraw %}
