---
title: "An Exquisite Manor House In Vilamoura - PP4440"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ie-yZmr6iTI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ie-yZmr6iTI"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["Portugal","PortugalProperty","BHHSPP"]
date: "2022-02-27T06:10:53+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-23T06:51:29Z"
duration: "PT3M6S"
viewcount: "471"
likeCount: "26"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Berkshire Hathaway Homeservices Portugal"
---
{% raw %}Exquisite Manor House <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.portugalproperty.com/property/172513">https://www.portugalproperty.com/property/172513</a><br /><br />Location: Vilamoura, Portugal.<br />Price: € 6,995,000<br /><br />This exquisite manor house is nestled on a very private plot just north of Vilamoura. This is the perfect place for those who seek peace and tranquillity, yet it is only a few minutes away from Vilamoura's world-class, award-winning marina, golf courses and golden sandy beaches.<br /><br />As you arrive at the property you will be greeted by electric gates and a large wall that encloses the whole property. Once you have entered through the gates you will see the pure elegance of this grandiose property. The driveway offers space for multiple cars and also a covered parking area. <br /><br />Upon entering through the front door you will head into the double-height foyer that offers a guest bathroom on the left as you enter. This property offers very traditional Portuguese stone flooring that flows through the house. You will then walk into the main living area which offers a beautiful fireplace, very high ceilings and lovely large doors that head out onto the terrace area. Leaving the lounge area and going either to the left or to the right of the property you have beautiful arched ceilings leading the way. If we head to the left you will arrive at the kitchen and dining area, which is very spacious and perfect for entertaining. This room also offers exceptionally large doors that lead you out onto the terrace and the covered BBQ area. We then head over to the East side of the property that has two ground-floor bedrooms both with en-suite bathrooms. One of the bedrooms on the ground floor is classed as the second master suite and offers an inviting fireplace and a newly refurbished bathroom. <br /><br />The second floor offers two more bedrooms all with ample wardrobe space and en-suite bathrooms. On this floor, you will also find the master suite which offers a very luxurious walk-in wardrobe and a traditional Portuguese stone en-suite bathroom.<br /><br />The property also enjoys a basement which has another bedroom with an en-suite bathroom, a gym area, sauna and laundry area plus another room that could be used as a cinema room, together with a large garage and another bathroom.<br /><br />Last but most definitely not least, we head to the grounds of the property which offer lush, mature, manicured gardens, covered cabanas for relaxing under, a small orange grove and even a small area for a game of football! But the most outstanding part of this property is its swimming pool. This home has the largest private swimming pool in the whole of Portugal, which includes its own pool bar and bathroom, waterfall and slide. It really does offer everything for entertaining or for a large family.<br /><br />The property includes:<br /><br />- Security;<br /><br />- Heated Pool;<br /><br />- Surround Sound System;<br /><br />- Borehole;<br /><br />- Electric Gates.<br /><br />This villa is an absolutely exceptional example of luxurious living, therefore early viewing is highly recommended.{% endraw %}
