---
title: "*AFTER UPDATE* DUPLICATION GLITCH | FORTNITE SAVE THE WORLD HOW TO DUPLICATE"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/7shKXt5HXSQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "7shKXt5HXSQ"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["Fortnite","FaZe_T0yx","fortnite"]
date: "2022-03-20T12:54:16+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-09T18:30:08Z"
duration: "PT6M13S"
viewcount: "7985"
likeCount: "137"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "T0y"
---
{% raw %}Fortnite save the world how to duplicate on save the world<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://shoppy.gg/@stwstacked">https://shoppy.gg/@stwstacked</a> <br /><br />Buy from our shop  /\ code &quot;t0y&quot; 5% off<br /><br />JOIN OUR DISCORD : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://discord.gg/EdtwCBGx4p">https://discord.gg/EdtwCBGx4p</a><br />Communicate with our members /\<br /><br /><br />Dupe Glitch                                                                             The person who's not the host launches right away. The host launches 4 sec after The other person.   Then The freind/Other person drop all the stuff on the ground. Then The friend not the host disconnects their internet. Then when you hit the screen retry/continue button  Count 20 seconds. then connect internet then they press the first button and wait another 5 to 6 sec to press the final  button. Then it should bring you to br/save the world page click save the world. go to your storage take something out and put it back in then Leave the host lobby and rejoin. Then you launch and you'll get the error message. Final part leave and rejoin and dupe should work.<br /><br /><br /><br />Fair use disclaimer :<br />ny And Everyone/Company That Is Watching This Video:<br />Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair useporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />#Fortnite<br /><br />Dan7eh, Invisible Trap, Twine Cheeks Invisible Trap, New scam, New Editeble Trap Scam, Scammer Get Scammed, Twine Cheeks Scam, Dan7eh scam, how to make Floating trap, stw, <br /><br />vbucks,#T0y v bucks,fortnite,giveaway,v bucks giveaway,v-bucks giveaway,vbuck giveaway,sony interactive entertainment,huge vbucks giveaway,vbucks giveaway fortnite,live vbucks giveaway today,fortnite giveaway,fortnite v bucks,fortnite giveaway live,giveaway v-bucks,playstation 4,v bucks,v-bucks,free vbucks,fortnite vbucks,fortnite v bucks glitch,get free v bucks,psn giveaway fortnite,fortnite battle royale,vbucks giveaway,fortnite vbucks,fortnite v bucks,fortnite vbucks giveaway,fortnite v bucks giveaway,giveaway,fortnite giveaway,fortnite live,v-bucks giveaway,v bucks giveaway,vbucks,fortnite update,sony interactive entertainment,fortnite vbuxk giveaway,#Savetheworld Glitch,  moments,live vbucks giveaway,free v bucks,fortnite giveaway live,fortnite gameplay,fortnite mobile,fortnite livestream fortnite,fortnite vbucks,fortnite battle royale,fortnite v bucks,fortnite free vbucks,free,free v bucks fortnite,free vbucks fortnite,free v bucks,how to te vbucks,vbucks free,fortnite v bucks generator,fortnite free skins,v bucks fortnite v bucks,vbucks,fortnite vbucks,fortnite v bucks,free vbucks,free v bucks,fortnite vbucks free,fortnite free v bucks,vbucks free,fortnite free vbucks,v-bucks,how to get vbucks,free v-bucks,free fortnite vbucks,v bucks uplication Glitch, stw, save the world, save the world glitch, stw glitch, fortnite, fortnite Duplication Glitch, fortnite glitch, fortnite stw glitch, fortnite Save the world glitch, #Fortnite, fortnite save the world, funny, funny moments, fortnite funny moments, fortnite pro, free fortnite, stw, fortnite stw, save the wold, fortnite save the world, stw fortnite, save the world fortnite, free stw, free save the world, free fortnite stw, free fortnite save the world, free stw fortnite, free save the world fortnite, free skins, free fortnite skins, scammer get scammed, scammer get scammed fortnite, scammer scams himself, funny moments, funny moments fortnite, best way to play fortnite, fortnite funny moments, fortnite memes, memes, fortnite, fortnite playing with friends, fortnite battle royal, best funny fortnite, funny fortnite moments, how to be ga, ninja and t fortnite Save the world glitch,<br /><br />Glitch, duplicate, duplicate glitch, dupe, dupe glitch, Duplication, Duplication Glitch, stw, save the world, save the world glitch, stw glitch, fortnite, fortnite Duplication Glitch, fortnite glitch, fortnite stw glitch, fortnite Save the world glitch, giveaway, giveaway stw, Modded weapons st<br />Save the world duplication Glitch, fortnite free items glitch, dan7eh Duplication glitch, easy dupe glitch, stw glitch, stw glitches, easy glitches fortnite, free stw glitch, how to get stw free, how to duplicate in stw, stw giveaway, modded weapons stw, free sunbeam stw, free glitch, T0y, t0y, fortnite save the world duplication glitch, fortnite save the world how to duplicate, fortnite stw how to dupe{% endraw %}
