---
title: "Physicists & Philosophers reply to the Kalam Cosmological Argument featuring Penrose, Hawking, Guth"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pGKe6YzHiME\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pGKe6YzHiME"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["kalam argument","kalam cosmological argument","debunking the kalam cosmological argument"]
date: "2022-01-18T01:34:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-14T19:00:09Z"
duration: "PT59M25S"
viewcount: "22509"
likeCount: "1109"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "skydivephil"
---
{% raw %}We have assembled some of the world’s leading physicists and philosophers to reply to the Kalam Cosmological Argument for God (as presented in popular debates by the Christian Philosopher William Lane Craig).  The argument says that everything that begins to exist has a cause, the universe began to exist, therefore the universe has a cause, which must be God. We show the flaws in this argument, featuring interviews we conducted with physicists Roger Penrose, Stephen Hawking, Alan Guth, Carlo Rovelli, Alex Vilenkin, Niayesh Afshordi and many others as well as philosophers such as AW Moore (co-editor of the world's leading philosophy journal Mind), Oxford logician Daniel Isaacson, Cambridge philosopher Arif Ahmed, philosopher of science specialising in foundations of quantum mechanics Alastair Wilson, and Alex Malpass and Daniel Linford who have both published multiple articles on the Kalam in leading journals. Most of the footage was shot especially for this film and all of those participants reviewed it carefully before release. All of the other living participants, where we reused interview footage from previous films, were sent a draft of this one in advance and asked if they objected to appearing or wanted changes. None objected and all changes are in the final film you see. Most participants gave extremely positive feedback and we hope you will too.<br /><br />Timecodes<br /><br />0:00 Introduction <br /><br />1:38 Actual versus Potential Infinity <br /><br />2:40 Cantor's Infinity <br /><br />3:06 The Infinite Property <br /><br />5:42 Hilbert’s Hotel <br /><br />11:16 Contradiction &amp; not a Contradiction <br /><br />13:38 Jupiter and Saturn <br /><br />14:52 Physicists on Infinity <br /><br />16:38 Counting to Infinity <br /><br />18:36 The Infinite Future <br /><br />22:35 Spacetime Singularity <br /><br />24:50 Carlo Rovelli on Neo Lorentzian Relativity and Cosmic Time <br /><br />28:29 Hawking, Penrose, Vilenkin, Efstathiou on The Big Bang &amp; Quantum Gravity <br /><br />29:37 Strings, Loops and the Big Bounce <br /><br />31:16 Guth and Vilenkin on the BGV <br /><br />34:00 Is a Collapsing Universe Unstable? <br /><br />35:31 Wall Theorem, Ashtekar and Afshordi <br /><br />36:36 Anthony Aguirre on Past Eternal Universe <br /><br />37:47 Singularities, Magueijo and Vidotto <br /><br />38:24 Second Law, Guth and Ashtekar<br /><br />40:43 A Universe From Nothing? Vilenkin <br /><br />42:53 Causality <br /><br />44:17 Interpretations of QM <br /><br />48:05 Tigers in Our Living Room, Vilenkin <br /><br />49:44 Causality and Philosophy <br /><br />51:25 Simultaneous Causation <br /><br />54:46 Can The Universe Create Itself? <br /><br />56:51 Ghazali's Argument <br /><br />57:53 Closing Arguments{% endraw %}
