---
title: "The U.S. was preparing a Trap for Russia and China, but Washington itself fell into it"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/0lHhaVjidNM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "0lHhaVjidNM"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["preparing","Russia","China,"]
date: "2022-04-28T13:49:49+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-27T19:09:26Z"
duration: "PT5M32S"
viewcount: "10429"
likeCount: "1338"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "BORZZIKMAN"
---
{% raw %}The U.S. was preparing a Trap for Russia and China, but Washington itself fell into it<br />*******************************************************************************************<br /><br />It looks like the US government has forgotten the proverb - ''Curses, like chickens, come home to roost''. On that basis, it could be construed that is why the US fell into the trap that Washington was preparing for Russia and China. What kind of Washington's trap are we talking about? The fact is that a serious economic crisis has begun in the United States, which the American authorities have been trying to contain for a long time. The American authorities have come up with a good scheme to get out of this economic crisis at the expense of other countries. The American plan is to cut off Europe from Russian gas while not forgetting to declare the &quot;green agenda&quot; and at the same time implement more anti-Russian sanctions. According to the American plan, Europe will be forced to buy liquefied natural gas (LNG) from the US at very high prices, which will lead to the enrichment of Washington, the bankruptcy of European industry, and the ruin of Russia. Americans believe that without a strong Russia, China is very vulnerable. The United States is confident that it will be easier to destroy the Chinese economy, since China does not have such rich natural resources as Russia, and therefore it will be enough to simply remove China from foreign technology, resource imports, logistics, and the American market.<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Dear subscribers and guests of this channel. If you like my channel and if you really like what I've been doing on my youtube channel, then start supporting BORZZIKMAN on Patreon.<br />Your support will help me out to keep the production of my exclusive videos running smoothly. Moreover, you'll gain access to my other exclusive videos, also you will get the possibility to order the creation of an exclusive video that you want to see, suggest topics for future video analyses, and most important help this channel to survive. <br />Become a Patron - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/user?u=22393167">https://www.patreon.com/user?u=22393167</a><br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Other platforms to support the BORZZIKMAN channel.<br /><br /><br />WebMoney: Z287850237751 (USD)<br />                      E356280180033 (EUR)<br />                      R031929326481 (RUB)<br /><br /><br />Bitcoin: 1Lv4nnM1ZJVW1GJMUeGMCZXPXz8xeKuGTf<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />WARNING: ANY other channel using my nickname, image or videos is unauthorized and fake. This is the ONLY channel run and operated by BORZZIKMAN! This is the official BORZZIKMAN YouTube channel!<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Subscribe: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/BORZZIKMAN/...">https://www.youtube.com/c/BORZZIKMAN/...</a><br /><br />#BORZZIKMAN{% endraw %}
