---
title: "The Rules Rap: Great Way to Learn and Review Classroom Rules - The Rules Rap"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/z60vA7vVYUY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "z60vA7vVYUY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Dr. Jean","early childhood","preschool"]
date: "2022-04-07T03:21:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-09-03T18:30:17Z"
duration: "PT1M40S"
viewcount: "3633929"
likeCount: "10741"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dr. Jean"
---
{% raw %}Dr. Jean supports teachers and learning in many ways. The Rules Rap is a favorite with many teachers as it helps at the beginning of the year to get off to a good start and it works well as reinforcement throughout the year especially around the holiday seasons.<br /><br />Dr. Jean's songs are on iTunes. The Rules Rap is on the CD Is Everybody Happy?<br /><br />Has anyone ever told you that you “can’t sing”?  I’ve been told that myself many times.  That’s the great thing about children.  They don’t know you can’t sing if you put a smile on your face and act enthusiastic.<br /><br />Someone once reminded me that “a gift from the heart is always received by the heart.”  We may not all be rock stars or be able to play an instrument, but we can share the magic and joy of music in our classrooms every day.  And with all the academic pressure, music is clearly the “spoonful of sugar” to help the medicine go down.<br /><br />Tooty Ta is another favorite among Dr. Jean's fans, but she has many popular songs on her 17 CD's and 2 DVD's.<br /><br />Kids, parents and teachers could improve learning by singing every day in class and at home.<br /><br />Here are the top ten reasons to SING every day!<br /><br />1. When you sing your brain emits endorphins, and endorphins make you happy!  Emotions are critical to learning.<br /><br />2. Music is multi-sensory.  The more senses you get going to the brain, the more likely the message will get there.<br /><br />3. Music is powerful for prior-learning.  If children are exposed to concepts while singing, it is easier for them to learn when formally introduced.<br /><br />4. Music nurtures phonemic awareness (alliteration, rhyme, etc.).<br /><br />5. Songs and chants are a natural way to develop oral language and auditory memory.<br /><br />6. Poems and songs lay a foundation for fluency and enhance short term memory.<br /><br />7. Children are able to use their imaginations and create pictures in their brains when they sing.  This is an important part of reading comprehension.<br /><br /> 8. Repetition is a key to learning.  It is much more fun to repeat songs than worksheets!<br /><br /> 9. Singing and dancing relieve stress and oxygenate the brain.<br /><br />10. Through music and movement ALL children can feel successful.  A “community of learners” is enhanced when teachers and children enjoy something together!<br /><br />There was a study that was reported on National Public Radio called “Alive Inside.”  In the research study they made iPods of songs that had a special significance to patients suffering from dementia and Alzheimer’s.  These patients didn’t recognize family members, but when they heard the music they tapped their feet, sang the words, and smiled!  So many things that we do in our classrooms will be forgotten, but the songs will be stored in children’s brains for a lifetime!  What a privilege to be able to do this!{% endraw %}
