---
title: "Andréa & Colette | She will always hate me"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/dPi_tQyON1A\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "dPi_tQyON1A"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["andrea martel","dix pour cent","andrea and colette"]
date: "2022-05-01T06:10:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-20T13:47:35Z"
duration: "PT3M34S"
viewcount: "51618"
likeCount: "756"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Silviasi22"
---
{% raw %}SPOILERS DIX POUR CENT / CALL MY AGENT!<br /><br />I would say this show is in my top 5 tv shows of my life easily... I adore EVERYTHING, it is perfect in every single aspect, a lot of actresses/actors I love make cameos, they show a reality in the industry with a comic perspective without losing the perspective of what it matters... it has one of the best LGBTQ+ representation on TV, it is so so realistic, they are so human...<br /><br />If someone ask me for a rol model, I would answer ANDRÉA MARTEL.<br />Note: she is not perfect, not at all, but nobody is. And she grew up so so much... my baby.<br /><br />I must admit... I watched all in 4-5 days so I didnt have time to get angry with the pregnancy' story but what a mess.... I love Andréa as mother in S4, but the plot to make her pregnant was absurd... Andréa repeated 28972408320957408 times she is a LESBIAN, she hates sex with men and she fucks her boss and friend from childhood? ridiculous........ I support the pregnancy story, but not the way they made it. Hicham in this story is unnecessary. <br /><br />I also discovered that because dix pour cent is an international success, there would be a SEASON 5 and a tv movie and I am in heaven!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />CAN'T WAIT FOR IT.<br /><br />I have hope they will fix my babies relationship... they just need time, because they love each other so much, but love is not the only ingredient in a relationship... <br /><br />THEY PERSONIFIED IT SO WELL... I CAN'T.<br />I've been for 2 weeks rewatching their scenes x1000, different scenes from the show also, I love them all. I feel I learnt french bc of this show and Camille Cottin. I used to hate french as language, lately women are making me change my mind....<br /><br />never is too late ;)<br /><br />WATCH CALL MY AGENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br />There will be a british version and OMG OMG.<br />the spanish version is paquita salas, we all know hahahahha<br /><br />#dixpourcent #andreamartel #camillecottin<br />---<br />● Couple: Andréa Martel and Colette Brancillon<br />● TV Show: Dix pour Cent (Call my Agent!)<br />● Song: google<br />● Coloring: the happiness project<br />---<br /><br />xxx<br />-Sil<br />-------------------------------------<br />● Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/silviasi22">https://twitter.com/silviasi22</a><br />● Tumblr: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://silviasi22.tumblr.com">http://silviasi22.tumblr.com</a><br />● Ask: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://ask.fm/silviasi22">http://ask.fm/silviasi22</a><br />__<br />&quot;Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.&quot;{% endraw %}
