---
title: "MAD tv Bon Qui Qui at King Burger with Lyrics in Description"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1ts02nNfJaM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1ts02nNfJaM"
categories: "Comedy"
tags: ["Bon qui qui","King Burger"]
date: "2022-04-03T21:05:14+03:00"
vid_date: "2009-05-28T22:18:13Z"
duration: "PT3M37S"
viewcount: "1377931"
likeCount: "3232"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Lyriczgirl2009"
---
{% raw %}Bon qui qui: he was supposed to meet me yesterday but he ain't even show up girl i will cut him girl yes i will you remember the last time when he had said he hadn't hooked with Tracy and I had found out he did, girl I cut him oh yes I did girl Yes I <br /><br /><br /><br />customer: excuse me<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: uh, don't you see me in the middle of a conversation don't interrupt Rude I'm gonna have to call you back welcome to King Burger where we can do it your way but don't get crazy<br /><br /><br /><br />customer: can I get a number 6 with a cookies and cream milkshake<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: are you sure you just don't want a coke?<br /><br /><br /><br />customer: Pardon?<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: I got to get the ice cream out put some cookies all up in it I don't even know how to use that blender they got me pushin all these crazy buttons No you can have a coke. Let me get a nuber 6 with a large Coke Next!<br /><br /><br /><br />customer #2: hi um I'll have a number 3 with No cheese, no tomato and no lettuce <br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: Dang, anything else? I got a complicated Order! Let me get a number 3 with no cheese no tomato,<br /><br /><br /><br />customer #2: wait, wait wait I'm sorry I uh<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: uh excuse me sir do you see me tryin to put in my order? Don't interrupt Rude and no lettuce that's it what?<br /><br /><br /><br />customer #2: I changed my mind about the cheese<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: Oh so now you want some cheese?<br /><br /><br /><br />customer #2: yes<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: so now you want some cheese? if you see me puttin in your order why you ain't say nothin in the first place?<br /><br /><br /><br />customer #2: I tried to <br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: uh uh no sir do not get loud with me sir Do Not Get Loud With Me! oh no Security! Security! this dude needs to go he needs to go needs to go thank you<br /><br /><br /><br />Mr. Williams: Bon qui qui!<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: oh hey Mr. Williams how you doin today?<br /><br /><br /><br />Mr. Williams: I've had better days Bon qui qui. This is the 5th time you called security Now how many times have I told you you can not call security just cause someone has a complicated order<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: Oh is that what you had said?<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Mr. Williams: yes that's what I had said<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: oh okay  you right Mr. Williams oh yeah I'm sorry. Next Please!<br /><br /><br /><br />Customer #3: hi can I get a #5 with a boneless skinless chicken that's slightly seasoned?<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: uh no Security Security this girl needs to go need to go <br /><br /><br /><br />Mr.Williams: Bon qui qui What?<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: sir she was trying to fight me sir<br /><br /><br /><br />Customer #3: No I wasn't <br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: Girl I will cut you<br /><br /><br /><br />Mr. Williams: Sorry she's with our out of the hood program<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: Aw shoot Hey Dawade!<br /><br /><br /><br />Dawade: Hey whats goin on Bon qui qui<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: I didn't know you come here<br /><br /><br /><br />Dawade: Yeah the ain't got me on no house arrest no more<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: Ok what cha wanna order boo?<br /><br /><br /><br />Dawade: ok uh let me get a number 3 and instead of french fries let me get some onion rings this time<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: okay that's all you want?<br /><br /><br /><br />Dawade: yeah<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: I know what i want<br /><br /><br /><br />Dawade: what<br /><br /><br /><br />Bon qui qui: ooooh Let me put in your order on the mic is a queen so listen to me sing he wants a number 3 super size onion ring he can come out the house with no ankle bracelet on but he's got 2 strikes so don't get his order wrong Ya you know I'm looking cute and there's nothing you can say but If you get with me we can do it your way hey!{% endraw %}
