---
title: "Magnis Energy (ASX: MNS) – Lithium Battery Production Begins At iM3NY"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/PVFhI569_0Y\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "PVFhI569_0Y"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["ASX","ASX Growth Stocks","ASX Shares"]
date: "2022-01-17T13:31:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-17T07:25:23Z"
duration: "PT29M41S"
viewcount: "942"
likeCount: "82"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "ASX Investor"
---
{% raw %}We have the Magnis Energy Technologies Executive Chairman (ASX: MNS) Frank Poullas joining us on the ASX Investor channel today. <br /><br />We discuss Magnis Energy Technologies (MNS) recent progress in this ASX CEO Interview on their journey to developing their iM3NY Lithium-Ion Battery cell manufacturing plant along with their Nachu Graphite Project as a vertically integrated ASX Lithium stock on the back of the ongoing EV adoption globally.<br /><br />Magnis Energy are an ASX Growth Stock and are attracting significant ASX investor interest as a potential leading ASX Lithium company with a vertically integrated Lithium offering. MNS have recently announced semi automated production at their iM3NY Lithium battery manufacturing plant along with a Graphite offtake with Traxys for their Nachu Graphite project.<br /><br />Magnis (MNS) have an exciting 2022 up ahead moving towards fully automated Lithium Battery Cell production at iM3NY Lithium Battery Plant while developing their Nachu Graphite project with the tailwinds of the EV adoption globally.<br /><br />We discuss the Magnis Energy Technologies (MNS) story as an ASX Lithium stock and explore where ASX: MNS may head from here with their vertically integrated Lithium project attracting ASX Investors and ASX Lithium enthusiasts interest. <br /><br />Magnis Energy (ASX: MNS) are an exciting ASX Lithium stock and this ASX EV Battery Materials company has been attracting ASX investor interest with some leading global partnerships and development of their Nachu Graphite project feeding into the increased focus on the EV Battery Materials space globally. <br /><br />ASX: MNS Executive Chairman Frank Poullas provides a range of insights throughout this wide reaching ASX CEO interview exploring the Magnis Energy opportunity with the focus on continuing to scale MNS’s iM3NY Lithium Battery plant along with their Nachu Graphite Project. <br /><br />A big thank you to Frank Poullas for joining us on the ASX Investor channel to unpack the ASX: MNS story. We look forward to touching base again in the future to hear more about Magnis Energy and discussing news announcements as ASX: MNS continues to scale as an ASX Lithium growth stock. <br /><br />Magnis Energy Technologies is an ASX Growth stock playing in the Lithium sector that we will continue to watch with renewed ASX investor interest in Lithium stocks and EV Battery minerals stocks globally. <br /><br />The following timestamps have been added to guide your viewing experience: <br />00:00 – Welcome <br />01:06 – Magnis Energy Technologies Overview (MNS)<br />07:54 – iM3NY Lithium Battery Plant Discussion<br />13:27 – iM3NY Production Pathway<br />18:05 – iM3NY Listing Update<br />19:51 – iM3 Townsville Discussion<br />21:16 – Nachu Graphite Overview<br />24:32 – Traxys Offtake Timelines<br />26:57 – Final Reflections For ASX: MNS Shareholders<br /><br />#Magnis #MNS #iM3NY<br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />✔️ Join the Community: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDpEIqJDyUZFM6FxjWZNgDg/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDpEIqJDyUZFM6FxjWZNgDg/join</a><br />Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/ASXInvest">https://twitter.com/ASXInvest</a><br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Disclaimer: <br />I am not a financial advisor - The information on this channel is NOT financial advice. <br />These videos are designed purely for educational purposes and should serve as a starting spot to do your own research from.<br /><br />The views on this channel are completely independent and in no way represent, nor are connected with any of the companies that may be discussed.<br /><br />Nothing contained in this video should be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell any investment or security, and is not designed to provide you with an investment strategy. The information provided should not be relied upon as the basis for making any purchase, sale or investment decision regarding any stock or asset. <br />These videos merely express my opinion, which is based on information obtained from sources believed to be accurate at the time of discussion.<br /><br />ASX Investor is not liable for any loss caused, whether due to negligence or because of reliance on, the information provided directly or indirectly, in this video.{% endraw %}
