---
title: "10 Animals That Are Born Only Once In a Thousand Years!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CxksxU5s6n0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CxksxU5s6n0"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["top","factfile","education"]
date: "2022-05-05T14:11:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-09-06T21:54:55Z"
duration: "PT10M49S"
viewcount: "3682308"
likeCount: "90502"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "FactFile"
---
{% raw %}10 Animals That Are Born Only Once In a Thousand Years!<br /><br /><br />If you're new, Subscribe! → <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/djmfuX">http://goo.gl/djmfuX</a><br /><br /><br /><br />Fact File is the #1 place for all your heart warming stories about amazing people that will inspire you everyday. Make sure to subscribe and never miss a single video!<br /><br /><br /><br />#viral #amazing #FactFile #animals<br /><br /><br />Many creatures exist within the animal kingdom. Some of these animals have gone extinct, and many still live among us. And while we have animals such as our favorite dogs and cats that we see daily.  We also have some animals on the other end of the spectrum that only grace the world once in a millennium.<br /><br />And our focus in this video will be on those rare creatures. From an animal whose very existence could be mistaken for fantasy to one whose ancestors lived for over a century ago and to animals which could worth more than gold. Here's a list of ten animals that are born only once in a thousand years! Let's begin, shall we? <br /><br />Number 10: The Wetapunga<br /><br />Imagine taking a trip to an island, and you stumbled across something you wouldn't otherwise see unless it's in a movie, you surely would be touched on to shout, &quot;Oh, my God!&quot;. <br /><br />Well, that's the feeling expressed in 2011 by Mark Moffett, a park ranger, when he saw an 18-cm-long grasshopper dubbed &quot;The Wetapunga&quot; on the offshore island of New Zealand.<br /><br />Although the Wetapunga is a one-in-a-thousand-year kind of insect, it belongs to a genus of grasshoppers known as Deincarda, whose name translates to mean &quot;Terrible Grasshopper.&quot; Honestly, we've long known Deincardas to be quite significant and could grow up to a length of 10cm weighing about 35g, but the Wetapunga is one in a million. Think of it as a Goliath among giants. <br /><br />This Goliath grasshopper was about 18cm long and weighed 71 g, meaning that it's as heavy as a sparrow and three times more massive than a mouse. That's very big for a grasshopper, isn't it?<br /><br />Well, if you are a fan of fantasy and you're already wondering whether this creature feeds on humans, calm your nerves. It rather loved carrots, but we can't deny the fact that it's an insect born only once in a millennium!<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Number 9: The Double-muscled Whippet<br /><br />Indeed, some dogs like the Tibetan mastiffs and Pitbulls terriers are known to be muscular. But you can't categorize a whippet as one of the strongest dog breeds primarily when they are known for speed rather than strength.<br /><br />However, in 2007, a whippet known as Wendy had well-deserved fame for her brawny body and her weight, which was nearly 60 pounds owing to double-muscling. Common whippets only grow up to 42 pounds at the maximum. So, that really made her some sort of Arnold Schwarzenegger among whippets. Cool, don't you think?<br /><br />However, &quot;with every great power, comes great prices.&quot; Wendy's double muscling was a result of her myostatin gene, which went AWOL - experts would call that mutation. So, she lost her speed and couldn't even take turns. Unfortunately, she died at the age of 14. <br /><br />Yeah, that's somewhat painful, isn't it? Especially when such a whippet comes only once in a thousand years. The probability of seeing another one anytime soon is just too slim, except you start building them in labs! <br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Number 8:  The Snake With Legs.<br /><br />Yes, you heard it right - a snake with legs! That was how a 66-year-old Chinese woman going by the name, Duan Qing Xiu, was shocked when she saw a reptile clinging to the wall of her bedroom in 2009. <br /><br />The reptile which she confirmed to be a snake was nearly 41cm long, and it's as thick as your arm, if not more. Don't doubt it, that's enough to frighten the wits out of anyone!<br /><br />Like that wasn't scary enough, she noticed that the snake had some sort of talons hanging over the middle part of its body. Without much ado, she did what any unwittingly scared senior citizen would do. She smashed the snake in the head with her shoe until she confirmed it's dead. <br /><br />However, as evidence of her nightmare, she preserved the legged-snake in a bottle of alcohol for anyone who wishes to doubt her red-hot encounter.<br /><br />Although fossils of snakes with legs dating back to as old as 190 million years ago have been uncovered in some parts of the world, they are very rare. More than twenty generations of a family could pass with none having a real-life encounter with one. <br /><br /><br /><br />Number 7: The Croc-Buffalo<br /><br />Still, on the list of creatures born in a thousand years, we took a trip back in time to a rural village of Eastern Thailand in the year 2015.  And guess what we found? The so-called Croc-buffalo, or perhaps you can call it - the Buffalogator!<br /><br />This animal, which looks like a kind of delusion from Greek mythology, was born to a buffalo mother with previous histories of perfect births - we mean kids with no deformities of any genre. <br /><br />But 2015 was a different story for the animal when she was delivered of this baby buffalo with hoofs, body, and limbs of a buffalo.{% endraw %}
