---
title: "MIRACULOUS PRAYER YOU WILL SEE RESULTS IN 2 MINUTES!!!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/cRHiULUvJe8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "cRHiULUvJe8"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["MIRACLE PRAYER","miracles","miracle"]
date: "2022-02-12T19:31:53+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-10T18:29:38Z"
duration: "PT2M14S"
viewcount: "26736"
likeCount: "1849"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Love Magic Works"
---
{% raw %}SAY THIS PRAYER RECEIVE A MIRACLE IN 2 MINUTES <br /><br />Support the Channel by making a small monthly donation here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEth8Mr49WNJNdtn7Dy3rqA/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEth8Mr49WNJNdtn7Dy3rqA/join</a><br /><br />Your Angel's Message For Today Tells you that the keyword and angelic guidance is  «ACTIVITY» and work that you are going to have today. Today is going to be a day in which you will have to do many tasks and it is important that you prepare yourself from the first moment so that you try to do things at a calm but constant pace. You may get a little stressed because you will notice that others do not keep up with you, but you focus on your own and your own affairs. <br /><br />Today you will be very reflective about your goals and your projects. You will spend the day thinking about what you want to build in your life and you will set long-term goals. It is important that you stay focused and do not get discouraged. Keep keeping a humble attitude and learning everything you can learn. Listen to people today that you don't usually listen too much, because you'll be surprised to see that there are people from whom you thought you couldn't learn anything new and yet it's not like that. <br /><br />In your workplace there are many people who are rethinking where they want to direct their professional future and this will make you think a lot about your own professional future. If you think about it, do not do it demandingly or judiciously, do it from an honest point of view but at the same time be compassionate and understanding with yourself. Do not compare yourself with others because comparison only results in pain and suffering. Learn to admire those who are successful without envying them or comparing yourself to them. <br /><br />Today you will begin important negotiations that will take place throughout this month. You begin to open a new path and new possibilities unfold before you. You must stay focused on the fact that you can achieve your goals if you continue to work with perseverance and perseverance. <br /><br />And today's angelic influences work on understanding and empathy. These influences will help you to be more understanding with the people around you and to put yourself in their place, but they will also help other people to understand you and stop to think for a few moments about how you feel. Take advantage of the performance of the angels on this day to improve your connection with important people and settle differences.<br /><br /> <br /><br />Your angel's advice for today is: You want answers that you're not getting. You are getting impatient and you are a little distressed by all that information you need. Today you must make an effort to put those thoughts aside and allow things to follow their natural and harmonious course. Trust that what you need to know you will know in due time. <br />ANGELICAL TIP FOR TODAY.<br /><br />PUT YOUR RIGHT HAND OVER YOUR HEART AND SAY WITH ME THREE TIMES THIS POSITIVE AFFIRMATION TO TRANSFORM YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS: MY MIND IS THE PERFECT CHANNEL TO MANIFEST EVERYTHING I WANT IN MY LIFE.<br /><br />God protects you and the Angels guide your way!{% endraw %}
