---
title: "Grabovoi Numbers - Creating Favourable Circumstances - 419 488 71"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/0aSEAUviIh0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "0aSEAUviIh0"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Grabovoi","Universe","immediate"]
date: "2022-05-03T13:57:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-03-13T12:58:39Z"
duration: "PT3M52S"
viewcount: "9460"
likeCount: "184"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Grabovoi Numbers \/ Switchwords"
---
{% raw %}##Important - In case of health problems always consult a physician.##<br /><br />What are Grabovoi Numbers?<br />Grabovoi numbers use Radionic signatures to heal various health ailments. They were developed by the Russian psychic Grigori Grabovoi using his Radionic machine.<br />For those who don't know Radionic theory and practice. It is the concept that man and all life forms share a common ground and that they are all connected to each other within the electromagnetic field of the earth. <br />All life forms carry its own electromagnetic field, which, when distorted, will result in disease and sickness. <br />Accepting that all is energy, Radionics sees organs, diseases, problems and remedies as having their own particular frequency or vibration. <br />These factors can be expressed in numerical values or 'Rates' or in the form of geometric patterns. <br />These numbers provide how the practitioner can identify and treat diseases and problems at a distance.<br /><br />Who is Grigori Grabovoi?<br />Grigory Petrovich Grabovoi was born November 14, 1963, in Kazakhstan. The goal of the teaching of Grabovoi, according to himself, is passing on the Knowledge of The Lord to the people all over the World in order to save them from the possible global catastrophe, enable each one to reach perfect health, physical immortality and resurrect in their physical bodies, and provide the eternal constructive and harmonious development of the entire mankind. <br />He discusses his abilities in his three-volume book The Practice of Control. The Way to Salvation.<br />These books explain how the discovery of a creative field of information, or consciousness energy, can manifest any information or object you want, as well as those not subject to the space-time continuum, by converting this information into known geometric form. <br />This is why Grabovoi numbers can be used for remote diagnostics and regeneration of matter within any term of time through the transformation of time into space form.<br /><br />How to do it:<br /><br />According to Grabovoi, each numerical sequence has a specific vibration, which is the result of the addition and interaction between the vibrations of each number that compose them.<br />What we have to do is connect to these sequences so that the vibrations can become part of our lives.<br /><br />Each numerical sequence already has its purpose in it.<br /><br />First, you need to activate the sequence and its intention. Write what I’m about to say down on a piece of paper and read it out loud every time you start a Grabovoi numerical sequence:<br /><br />&quot;I (say your name) am going to activate the code (say the name of it, for example, Abundance) on today (state the date). With the faith that everything is possible in this process of ( say the name of what you'll be creating, for example, Abundance). I get an immediate solution to problems with these codes with the help of the creator and with great harmony. I am thankful for my creator to help me in this process and bless me with my desire with 100% positive results with this process. Thank you, thank you, thank you.&quot;<br /><br />Then:<br />-Visualize a shiny silver or gold sphere of approx. 19 inches (50cm) in front of you, at the heart height.<br />-Visualize the numerical sequence you're focusing on also bright inside this sphere while listening to the tracks. Notice that some numbers have spaces. They are essential, so be sure to leave spaces when indicated.<br />-Repeat the numerical sequences for 28 times in a row.<br />-Once done, you can leave this sphere. Release it to Infinity, put in God's hand or any other situation that brings you peace.<br />-At the end, imagine your wish resolved, and you participating in that desire with immense joy. <br />-Do not imagine the problem, but the solution.<br />-If it is necessary, listen to the track repeatedly.{% endraw %}
