---
title: "1244 Clonsilla Avenue, Peterborough - Open House Video Tour"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/A_Cd4Ru5mFg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "A_Cd4Ru5mFg"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["real estate","open house","video tour"]
date: "2022-03-04T19:30:51+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-04T14:16:12Z"
duration: "PT2M55S"
viewcount: "821"
likeCount: "94"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Open House 24"
---
{% raw %}Welcome to 1244 Clonsilla Avenue, a great three bedroom brick raised bungalow enjoying a prime central location in Peterborough close to essential everyday amenities.<br /><br />This home is nestled on a premium sized property and set well back from the street. The single car garage is complemented with driveway parking for up to four vehicles; steps wind their way from the driveway to a good sized front deck with a northwesterly exposure; and the large backyard is shaded by mature trees in the summertime.<br /><br />The main level principal spaces have an open concept layout - and the foyer entrance has vinyl flooring; the living and dining rooms are finished with laminate flooring; and vinyl plank flooring finishes the kitchen, the washroom, and the hallway to the bedrooms. <br /><br />The living room has a huge window with a westerly exposure that allows for an abundance of afternoon light, in addition to the light that streams through the south-facing and oversized dining room window. A wood-burning fireplace with a river rock hearth, stacked stone facade, and a wood mantle shelf adds cozy warmth to these rooms - which also feature a storage closet off the dining area, as well as a partial wall with open display shelves separating the entrance from the living room.<br /><br />The kitchen has a large window and overlooks the backyard, and this open work area features a peninsula separating it from the living room, which also provides additional meal prep space; a ceiling fan and track lighting; ample cabinetry storage; a stainless steel oven, fridge, and double sink; as well as an easy-clean self-adhesive mosaic back splash - and off the kitchen is a door that provides access to the lower level and the backyard. <br /><br />At the end of the hallway to the bedrooms is a toiletry and linen cupboard, and all three bedrooms showcase hardwood flooring, large windows, and ample closet storage - and completing the home is a 4-pc washroom with a Euro vanity, contemporary vanity light, as well as an acrylic bath/shower area with rainfall shower head.<br /><br />The lower level is unfinished - but does feature a laundry area with washer and dryer; a workshop area with cabinets; and lots of space for working out, hobby pursuits, or for storage - and also provides access to the single car garage.<br /><br />This home is freshly painted, and other very recent updates include the driveway asphalt, main level windows, and exterior storm doors (all in 2021) - as well as a new furnace, central air unit, and roof shingles (all in 2020).<br /><br />This home is within the catchment areas of Prince of Wales Public School (Fr. Imm); St. Teresa and St. Catherine (Fr. Imm) Catholic Elementary Schools; Kenner and Adam Scott (Fr. Imm) Collegiate and Vocational Institutes; as well as St. Peter Catholic Secondary School (Fr. Imm). <br /><br />A very short walk to public transit, a park, a community centre, and a grocery store, and just minutes to Peterborough Regional Health Centre Hospital and other medical facilities - this home is also just a short drive to downtown Peterborough, its boutique shops, fine dining, and entertainment; waterfront enjoyment along Little Lake and the Otonabee River; as well as the numerous shops, services, and big box retailers along Lansdowne Street - and access to Hwys 7 and the 115 are also short drives away for commuting within Peterborough County and the surrounding municipalities.<br /><br />For more information, contact Marianne Wilson, of Re/Max Rouge River Realty Ltd., Brokerage, at (905) 372-2552.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.mariannewilson.ca">https://www.mariannewilson.ca</a>{% endraw %}
