---
title: "Adventists Continue to Pray and Work for the Victims of the Ukraine\/Russia Conflict; and other news"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Xyxg93K__sQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Xyxg93K__sQ"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Adventists","Continue","Victims"]
date: "2022-03-13T19:20:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-12T00:11:01Z"
duration: "PT28M30S"
viewcount: "5216"
likeCount: "180"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Seventh-day Adventist Church"
---
{% raw %}This week on ANN.<br /><br />Seventh-day Adventist members around the world are continuing to pray for the conflict in Eastern Europe, specifically Ukraine.  On Friday, March 4, Adventist World Church president Ted N.C. Wilson renewed his call for urgent prayer, saying, “I am renewing an appeal for special prayer for our church members and all people in Ukraine, Russia, Eastern Europe, the Euro-Asia Division, Inter-European Division, and the Trans-European Division.” Wilson asked that church members pray for all those impacted by the violence and for the humanitarian work done by the Adventist Development and Relief Agency (ADRA) in Ukraine and the surrounding countries.<br /><br />ADRA is working in Ukraine, Romania, Poland, and the surrounding countries to bring relief and care to the more than 1 million people fleeing the conflict. ADRA International communication director Iris Argueta talked to the Emergency Response Team from Romania about what they are doing to help during the ongoing crisis.<br /><br />ADRA Romania is stepping up to assist those affected by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which began February 24. ADRA Romania is coordinating a newly-minted “Hope for Ukraine” initiative, which seeks to help those affected by the war, meeting their immediate needs by providing information, food, clothing, shelter, social assistance, and psychological support. ADRA Romania president Robert Georgescu says that the refugee situation is a call for responsibility and compassion to give priority to life and human dignity. According to information received from local authorities in late February, since the beginning of the war, ADRA Romania is the only humanitarian organization that has made a donation export, with the exception of another donation made by a monastery in the area. ADRA’s Hope for Ukraine humanitarian convoy did encounter any difficulties, leaders reported.<br /><br />ADRA, along with Adventist Church members are also helping in Poland. Seventh-day Adventist churches in Poland are becoming shelters for Ukrainian refugees. It is estimated, as of the time of this recording, that nearly 550,000 refugees have crossed the Polish border. ADRA in Poland is working in cooperation with local churches and a large number of volunteers to show solidarity with refugees from Ukraine. ADRA Poland volunteers have visited several borders and reception crossings, handing out parcels, and organizing accommodation while assessing the most urgent needs of the refugees. After nine days of conflict, more than 1 million people have fled Ukraine. For daily up-to-date information on the crisis in Ukraine and what Adventists are doing in the region, visit Adventist.org<br /> <br />Heavy rainfall caused unprecedented flooding in New South Wales and Queensland with estimated damages of US 1.4 billion dollars. ADRA and local Adventist church members are joining efforts to assist the flood-ravaged communities. With most floodwaters beginning to recede, many church members dedicated the weekend to meet the urgent needs in the community. According to a recent report from ADRA, due to flooding and M1 closures, a severe food shortage has developed in the north region of New South Wales from Kingscliff to Lismore, with food, water and fuel listed as the primary needs.<br /><br />Adventist Church is pleased to announce that the General Conference Session (GC Session) will be opening its doors to the public. All are welcome to attend the business session and evening programs.  The GC Session is the quinquennial meeting of the Adventist Church’s executive committee, its largest governing body, and will be held in St. Louis, Missouri, June 6-11, 2022. The session will have enhanced sanitation, ample space to accommodate social distancing, as well as other safety measures and guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.<br /><br />Adventist Church’s official YouTube channel has been restored! The channel had been offline since YouTube removed it for violating community guidelines. The Communication Department of the Adventist World Church, in consultation with the Office of General Council, appealed the decision twice, first on Monday, February 28, and again on March 3. On March 4, the Adventist Church asked church members on Twitter to pray for the channel to be restored and to repost, tagging YouTube asking for the appeal to be heard.<br /><br />Southern African Indian Ocean Division (SID) launched their new Adventist World Radio and Sidmedia radio station. Digital evangelism continues to be a formidable tool in reaching our and pointing others to Christ.<br /><br />For more news and current updates within the Adventist community, the Adventist News website is always available for you. Go to (<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://adventist.news/)">https://adventist.news/)</a> for daily news and videos.{% endraw %}
