---
title: "Oak TV Stand"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/dKnEZsDGb34\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "dKnEZsDGb34"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["Stand"]
date: "2022-04-11T17:33:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-02T16:50:24Z"
duration: "PT18M38S"
viewcount: "51772"
likeCount: "3564"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "HomeMade in Lviv"
---
{% raw %}In this video I demonstrate the process of making a TV stand made of scraps of oak boards that would typically serve as good firewood.<br />I planned to make this TV stand as a gift for my parents. And when it was almost ready, my country was invaded by enemy.<br />February 24, 2022 is the day when 200 000  Russian army without declaring the war with the assistance of our northern neighbor, Belarus invaded peaceful Ukraine. Early morning enemy attacked insidiously on a full scale from three sides from the north, east and south.<br />The date of February 24 will forever be engraved in the memory of every Ukrainian. Since then, time has stopped for us! It is hard to believe that in the 21st century, one crazy dictator with a nuclear button can intimidate the whole world. We were left alone with a powerful enemy. In the first days of the war the whole world was just watching!<br />However, all Ukrainians quickly united and began to do everything necessary to defend our country and stop the enemy who came to destroy everything Ukrainian and intimidate the whole world. The resilience, heroism, courage and self-sacrifice of Ukrainians stopped the enemy. Ukrainians around the world have united to stop this endless horde of orcs that is constantly coming to our land.<br />Support from the people of the world followed with clear message to their parliaments We Stand with Ukraine. But the people of Ukraine expected more decisive action from the world politics.<br />For us, all priorities have changed, all the efforts of Ukrainians are aimed at winning this war, destroying the enemy who commits atrocities in the occupied territories, destroys cities of millions, and massacres civilians, violates all norms of humanity.<br />Personally, my family and I decided to stay and defend our land. Although I often received offers of relocation and housing from my subscribers. Thank you again for this, but we were not going to run away, this is our homeland and we will defend our right to live on our land.<br />Especially, if we leave now - this enemy will go further and so one can run constantly.<br />I wasn't in the mood to publish new videos until the war was over, but I still get a lot of comments from my subscribers expressing concern about my safety conditions.<br />So I decided to finish my project under constant air alarms and show that life goes on even during the war!<br />Today is the 38th day of our heroic resistance to the invader, Ukraine has survived. But we pay a very high price for our freedom! The enemy continues to attack! Enemy missiles are flying over all Ukraine, but we are aiming for victory, because the truth is on our side.<br />Today we clearly understand who are our friends and who are our enemies. And our descendants will also remember it very well.<br />Thank you all for the words of support I have received from you for all these days, thank you! Stand with Ukraine.<br />Thank you all for watching!<br />Stay safe!<br />Glory to Ukraine!<br />Glory to the Defence Forces of Ukraine!<br /><br />P.S. The children decided to give our old Alder TV-stand that I made previosly to their grandparents, they preferred the new one. My parents were not against it.{% endraw %}
