---
title: "Happy Spring Morning & Relaxing Sweet Jazz Music in Bookstore Cafe Ambience for Work, Study, Relax"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/4IZq3GsNfLg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "4IZq3GsNfLg"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Relaxing Sweet Piano Jazz Music","Sweet Piano Jazz Music","Sweet Piano Jazz"]
date: "2022-04-16T01:22:06+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-27T11:13:18Z"
duration: "PT8H32M41S"
viewcount: "131243"
likeCount: "1756"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Cozy Coffee Shop"
---
{% raw %}Happy Spring Morning &amp; Relaxing Sweet Jazz Music in Bookstore Cafe Ambience for Work, Study, Relax<br /><br />🌺Spring brings love<br />      Tough to leave the road behind<br />      Spring has a sweet taste<br />      Bitter sorrow buried in oblivion<br />      Spring has come to be peaceful and happy<br />      How many worries and sorrows drift away...<br /><br />☘ Spring comes with a joyful welcoming sound of heaven and earth, on spring days everything grows and flowers bloom, showing off their fragrance, creating a fresh and bustling space. Get rid of the cold of the cold winter, immerse yourself in the warm, bright, bustling atmosphere of spring days. Do you know what that is? Picture a cafe with a large window so you can see all the colors of spring. The atmosphere of the bar is cool in an extremely fresh and poetic early spring morning. The streets were filled with flowers and birds chirping. Come here to see the poetic scenery, all attracted by the vibrant colors of flowers and the clear blue sky.<br /><br />️🎹 Mixed with that wonderful atmosphere, the gentle sounds of Jazz music are probably indispensable. The notes are soaring and melodious in its own right. Jazz music will captivate you and probably will most likely stop. Today is a beautiful sunny day, the aroma of coffee cups spreads throughout the shop.<br /><br />🎁 These are our wonderful creations. And I promise these videos will make you say &quot; GREAT &quot;<br /><br />️🎷 The open coffee space at “Cozy Coffee Shop” will bring you relaxation with smooth smooth jazz piano music. Cafe scene with sunshine and bright colors of spring. All will create a perfect space to help you rest and relieve stress effectively. Visit us to find positive energy for a day of work and study.<br />We hope you enjoy the videos on our channel<br /><br />On this sunny day, Cozy Coffee Shop would like to send this greeting to a very wonderful person, you. May your day shine bright like the sun 💖 <br /><br />✍ Storyline:<br />&quot;There was an aquarium in the forest, I put on a thick coat and equipped myself with high-heeled boots. The strong wind outside seemed to be about to take me far away, the snow was falling. The coniferous forest soon appeared before my eyes, I followed the old snow-covered path to the familiar aquarium. disappeared in an instant. There was no fish here anymore, I threw the rod aside and lit a fire for myself. The wind blew the fire up and then went out. Finally the wood caught on fire, burning with the scent of wood. The warmth spread, even the heart felt very cozy. There was a hole in the fire in the ice, the cold water smoked with the dying fire. If you saw the scene then you would probably feel it. how magical they are. Some little fish are swimming under my feet, just a thin layer of ice and it's their own world..&quot;<br />The story above is fictitious and written for entertainment purposes only!<br /><br />➡️ Please Sign Up!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bitly.com.vn/haku23">https://bitly.com.vn/haku23</a><br />➡️ Band produced by Cozy Coffee Shop<br />➡️ Nice to see you again on my Cozy Coffee Shop channel 😍<br /> I really enjoy the jazz tunes and the hot cups of coffee next to it. In our daily hustle and bustle, we often miss this. So my hobby is creating videos that help you study, improve your mood, relax and sleep easily.<br />Our video is 8 hours long so it can help you to go deeper to sleep and relax.<br /><br />🎼 The video playing is a 3D book cafe space combined with soft smooth melodies of our exclusive Jazz music, only available at Cozy Coffee Shop!<br />Visit our channel to enjoy the ultimate comfort and ergonomics that comes from images and sounds. Please visit Cozy Coffee Shop to experience it!<br />Thank you for everything ♥<br /><br />🔔 Please hit the follow button and leave a share in the comment section, Cozy Coffee Shop thanks for that. Cozy Coffee Shop is always here and welcome back!<br /><br />📜 Cozy Coffee Shop is an internet-based music brand where you can find relaxing original Jazz Music to support you to relax, study, work, sleep well, relieve stress, feel refreshed gentle and those things will help you calm down, your mental state as well as help you be creative and effective in work and study.<br />If you like jazz tunes and all the other book cafe spaces on our channel please like, comment, subscribe and share it with your friends ♥️ ♥ ️<br /><br />◢ Follow EMVN Music on : <br />★ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://emvn.sourceaudio.com/">https://emvn.sourceaudio.com/</a><br />◢ Music provided by EMVN<br />Submit your music: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://emvn.co/submitDemo">http://emvn.co/submitDemo</a><br />Contact: network@emvn.co<br /><br />◢ Follow Melosy Publishing :<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://emvn.fanlink.to/MelosyPublishing">https://emvn.fanlink.to/MelosyPublishing</a><br /><br />◢ Follow artists:<br />★VPROD Publishing<br />» Website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://musicproducer.vn">https://musicproducer.vn</a><br /><br />COPYRIGHT: All 3D images and music are owned by Cozy Coffee Shop. Please do not copy! <br />All music in this video and in this channel are our original music.<br />We are playing all the songs.<br />✉Contact us: coffeeshop.jazzmusic@gmail.com<br />◢ Share this Mix on social sites (Facebook, Google +, Twitter, etc.) so more people can listen to it!<br />Reuse of audio/video is not allowed. © ️ Created by Cozy Coffee Shop<br />#CoffeeShopBookstore #CoffeeShopMusic #RelaxingJazzMusic <br />▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬{% endraw %}
