---
title: "BTCUSD - HOW TO TRADE WITH EASE OF MOVEMENT INDICATOR"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/3PGIOhwnEIU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "3PGIOhwnEIU"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Bitcoin","Trading","Tradingview"]
date: "2022-05-15T01:38:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-14T03:26:27Z"
duration: "PT9M52S"
viewcount: "98"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Real Time Channel"
---
{% raw %}BTCUSD - HOW TO TRADE WITH EASE OF MOVEMENT INDICATOR<br /><br />Today's live Bitcoin price is 29.505,50 with a 24-hour trading volume of $25,251,374,206 USD.  We update the price of BTC to USD in real-time.  Bitcoin is down 1.20% in the last 24 hours.  CoinMarketCap is currently ranked #1, with an immediate market cap of $1,141,950,358,945 USD.  It has an outstanding supply of 18,852,800 BTC coins and max.  supply 21,000,000 BTC coins.<br /><br /><br /> If you want to know where to buy Bitcoin, the top exchanges for Bitcoin trading right now are Binance, OKEx, Mandala Exchange, FTX, and Huobi Global.  You can find others listed on our crypto exchange page<br /><br /><br /> Bitcoin is a decentralized cryptocurrency that was originally described in a 2008 whitepaper by a person, or group of people, using the alias Satoshi Nakamoto.  It was launched soon after, in January 2009.<br /><br /><br /> Bitcoin is a peer-to-peer online currency, meaning that all transactions occur directly between equal independent network participants, without the need for an intermediary to permit or facilitate them.  Bitcoin was created, in Nakamoto's own words, to allow &quot;online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution.&quot;<br /><br /><br /> Some concepts for a similar type of decentralized electronic currency predate BTC, but Bitcoin has the distinction of being the first cryptocurrency to come into actual use.<br /><br /><br /> The original inventor of Bitcoin is known by a pseudonym, Satoshi Nakamoto.  In 2021, the true identity of the person — or organization — behind the alias remains unknown.<br /><br /><br /> On October 31, 2008, Nakamoto published the Bitcoin whitepaper, which describes in detail how a peer-to-peer online currency can be implemented.  They proposed using a decentralized transaction ledger that was packaged in batches (called “blocks”) and secured by cryptographic algorithms – the entire system would later be dubbed “blockchain.”<br /><br /><br /> Just two months later, on January 3, 2009, Nakamoto mined the first block on the Bitcoin network, known as the genesis block, thus launching the world's first cryptocurrency.  The price of Bitcoin was $0 when it was first introduced, and most Bitcoins are earned through mining, which only requires a fairly powerful device (e.g. PC) and mining software.  The first known commercial Bitcoin transaction occurred on May 22, 2010, when programmer Laszlo Hanyecz traded 10,000 Bitcoins for two pizzas.  At the price of Bitcoin today in mid-September 2021, that pizza would be worth an astonishing $478 million.  This event is now known as “Bitcoin Pizza Day.”  In July 2010, Bitcoin first started trading, with Bitcoin prices ranging from $0.0008 to $0.08 at that time.<br />However, while Nakamoto was the original inventor of Bitcoin, as well as the author of the first implementation, he handed over the network alert keys and control of the code repository to Gavin Andresen, who later became lead developer at the Bitcoin Foundation.  Over the years a large number of people have contributed to improving cryptocurrency software by patching vulnerabilities and adding new features...{% endraw %}
