---
title: "Russia commented on the information about the frigate shot down in the Black Sea"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/yRj6i0ORCQk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "yRj6i0ORCQk"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["russia","russia ukraine","ukraine"]
date: "2022-05-08T06:41:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-07T14:00:06Z"
duration: "PT1M25S"
viewcount: "264"
likeCount: "5"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "National Interest TV"
---
{% raw %}#NationalInterest<br />#News<br />Russia commented on the information about the frigate shot down in the Black Sea<br /><br />The press secretary of the President of Russia Dmitry Peskov, commenting on the question of journalists about the likely defeat of a warship, not far from Zmeiny Island (Ukraine), said that at the moment the Kremlin does not have information about the wrecked frigate.<br /><br />After about a day ago, Ukrainian sources and the media reported that a naval target had been hit in the area of ​​​​Snake Island, and then they began to disseminate information that it was allegedly a warship, Dmitry Peskov denied the data on this subject, noting that The Kremlin has no such information.<br />“No, we do not have such information”, - said Dmitry Peskov.<br />In fact, the press secretary of the Russian president emphasized that if such an incident really took place, then Moscow would definitely know about it, however, at the moment, the situation voiced by Ukrainian officials does not correspond to reality, although there are no official statements on this the account from the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation has not been made by the current moment.<br />It should be noted that at the moment the Ukrainian side has not provided any evidence, and therefore, the information on this subject, distributed by Ukrainian resources and Western media, is more than likely unreliable.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />IMPORTANT!<br />None of these images, music &amp; video clips were created/owned by us.<br />This video is purely fan-made, if you (owners) have seen your content and want to remove this video, please message us privately or mail us : (newtropicalhouse@gmail.com) before doing anything. We will respectfully remove it immediately. Please don't use YouTube strikes! So much love!<br /><br /> -  COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER UNDER SECTION 107 OF THE COPYRIGHT ACT 1976<br /> -  Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.<br /><br />#Russia #Ukraine #NATO #VladimirPutin #Putin #JoeBiden #Biden #USA #News #BreakingNews #LatestNews #Iran #Israel #Missile #Nuclear #Attack #Military #RussianNews #IranIsrael #IranUS #USRussia #UkraineRussia #RussiaUkraineConflict #Jets #FighterJets #Navy #USNavy #RussianNavy #RussiaWarship{% endraw %}
