---
title: "30 Most Frequently Asked Simple GK Quiz General Knowledge GK Questions Answers ENGLISH INDIA #Gk 33🔴"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/sYUHUlFokz0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "sYUHUlFokz0"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["100 Most Frequently Asked Simple GK Quiz General Knowledge GK Questions Answers ENGLISH INDIA GK 33","india gk question","gk question in english"]
date: "2022-05-05T13:19:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-05T09:40:43Z"
duration: "PT5M36S"
viewcount: "2"
likeCount: "1"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Arjun K Question"
---
{% raw %}100 Most Frequently Asked Simple GK Quiz General Knowledge GK Questions Answers ENGLISH INDIA GK 33 <br /><br />Description<br /><br /><br /><br />100 Most Frequently Asked Simple GK Quiz (General Knowledge) GK Questions Answers for Students/Kids &amp; all competitive exams | Part-33 General Knowledge 2021 provides a comprehensive study of all sections that are covered under the subject of General Knowledge. It comprehensively covers Geography, History, Polity, Economy, Business, General Science, Ecology &amp; Environment, Art &amp; Culture, Sports, Healthcare, Communication, Education &amp; Career, IT &amp; Computers and Technology. GENERAL KNOWLEDGE 2021 is a compendium for aspirants of UPSC, SSC, Banking, Insurance, Railways, Engg Services and AFCAT etc. It has been prepared keeping in mind the importance of the questions Other video of this channels &quot;General Knowledge Key&quot; Link : 👉ho was the first women prime minister of India? 2. Who was the first women chief minister in India? 3. Which is the Largest States in India? 4. Which is the Smallest States in India? 5. Who is the 1st citizen of India? 6. Who is the 2nd citizen of India? 7. Who is the 3rd citizen of India? 8. When the Indian peoples celebrate Independence Day? 9.When we celebrate our Indian Republic Day? 10. What is the total number of characters in the Hindi alphabet? 11. Who is the composer of the Indian national song? 12. How many spokes in the national flag of India? 13. What is the national song of India? 14. What is the national flower of India? 15. Who is the first female chief justice of India? 16. How many months in every single year? 17. How many days in every single week? 18. How many Indian states have the Hindi language? 19: Which language is used most in Maharashtra? 20: Which of the following is a Hindi script? 21: What is the name of the longest river on the earth? 22: What is the name of the fastest animal on the land? 23: What is the main source of energy for the Earth? 24: Which continent has not a single volcano? 25: What is the smallest ocean in the world? 26: Who is the highest mountain in India? 27: Which is the largest lake in India? 28: Who built the Red Fort in Delhi? 29: U.S.A. What is the currency of it? 30. When we celebrate the Indian Navy day? 31. When we celebrate the Indian Post Day? 32. Who composed the Indian national anthem? 33. Who was the first female IPS officer in India? 34. Where is the Wular Lake situated in India? 35. Who is the first Indian field marshal? 36: What is the height of the three wooden stumps in cricket 37: Which type of lens is used in the camera. 38: What is Canada’s national sport? 39: Jaspal Rana is related to which game? 40: Which is India’s highest sports award? 41: FULL FORM of LAN - 42: FULL FORM of EVM is- 43: FULL FORM of DTP is- 44: FULL FORM of MODEM is 45: FULL FORM of RDX is- 46: FULL FORM of the WWW- 47: Hindi day is celebrated 48: Bihu is one of the most popular dance of which Indian State? 49: Yahoo, Google, and M.S.N. is 50: Inaccuracy in computer data is called 51: IBM is the complete form of - 52: CAD means 53: What is the longest river in India? 54: What is the use of CD characters in a computer dictionary? 55: One Kilobyte (1 KB) is equivalent to 56: What is the length of a word in a computer? 57: What is the purpose of the assembler 58: Who was the first woman Lok Sabha Speaker of India? 59: Where is the Pushkar Lake situated in India? 60: How long does the earth rotate in a circle? 61: What is the full form of BDT? 62: What is the full form of ROM? 63: What is the full form of HTML? 64: What is the magnitude of the earthquake measuring machine? 65: Where and when did the first underground train in India start? 66: National Youth Day is celebrated on which date of the following? 67: On what date is the National Army Day celebrated? 68: On which date is the National Sports Day celebrated? 69: The first Indian player to take a Hatrick in Test cricket 70: In which year did India win the World Cup for the first time in cricket? 71: Which cricketer is known as Rawalpindi Express? 72: Which player makes the first double century in ODI cricket? 73: Who is the first Indian batsman to score a triple century in Test cricket? 74: Which country is known as the birthright of a cricket game? 75: Rocket …………Works on the principle of 76: When suddenly breaks in the moving bus, the passengers sitting in it fall in the forward direction. It can be explained by whom. 77: Remedy is used for the prevention of defects. 78: A near-sight defect is used in the person’s eyeglasses. 79: Non-metals are the helper of electricity because – 80: What energy is found in a dry cell? #100GK #indiagk #englishgk<br />#india Gk Quize <br />#ArjunkQuestuon{% endraw %}
