---
title: "Hives | Urticaria-Causes,Symptoms,Treatment | Skin Rash | Allergy - Dr.Rasya Dixit | Doctors' Circle"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/W4cxUZYH88I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "W4cxUZYH88I"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["allergy","urticaria","allergic hives"]
date: "2022-02-05T09:46:39+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-05-14T15:00:23Z"
duration: "PT3M32S"
viewcount: "1031327"
likeCount: "10139"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Doctors' Circle - World's Largest Health Platform"
---
{% raw %}Dr. Rasya Dixit  | Appointment booking number: 099018 90588<br />Consultant Dermatologist &amp; Cosmetologist | Dr. Dixit Cosmetic Dermatology Clinic, Bengaluru<br />Hives are very commonly seen and they are called as  Allergy by  lay  people.  So what is the cause if these hives? Hives look like flat swelling on the skin on the arms, on the face. It can come on any part of the body including the hands and feet.  So it usually looks like tiny red skin elevations, but it can become large flat map like areas of elevation as well.  In medical term  it is  called as  Urticaria  and it is  so  common that it is  believed  that more  than 90% of the population will have hives atleast once in their lifetime.  It  can be  seen as  a  reaction and mostly people describe  it  as  mosquito  bites  or ant  bites , which become  more  swollen but hives  become  bigger  and  bigger  and it can become  a very  severe  problem as  it disturbs  the  activities  because  are  busy  scratching,  but  if it involves  your  eyes, your  lips,  you are  compromised even the breathing. So it is a serious condition, however it can be seen very very  commonly as  a common condition. So what are the common causes of Hives? It  can be  an insect  bite  allergy,  you can be  having  it  because of  insect  bite  or  it can be because  of  some food or  some drug that does  not agree  with  you. Usually people are  able to  tell us  that,  if  we  had  one  particular  food  like milk  or egg,  then I used  to get  this kind of  allergy. It  may  look  like  mild redness  or itching when you scratch   , but  it  comes every time  you eat that particular  medicine  or  that particular food. The  other thing is sometimes  with chronic  infections, especially with Hepatitis  infection also  you se  hives.  So when you  first  see   a  doctor the  doctor  will  ask  you  how long  you  have  had  this  symptom.  Is it  something  very  new or  few  days old, then the  concerns may be  like insect bite  or  food  allergy  or medicine  allergy  but when it  starts to last  longer and longer  then it  could be the  marker  of  some  underlying problem like thyroid  problem or hormone  problem or  viral infection and urinary infection. The common treatment of Hives is Antiallergy tablets called as Antihistamines.  There are many types  of  Antihistamines.  It  doesn’t  mean that  if  you  don’t  respond to one Antihistamines, it  will not  work  for  you. Antihistamines are very mild medicines they don’t have side effects. So you can take them for long period of time safely. Sometimes when the case is not diagnosed then they can be taken for months together, even years together, please don’t worry, so you have to rule out the underlying condition. So if you are having hives, which are not responding to treatment. Please speak to your  dermatologist  and get  a  more  clarity on  what is happening to you.<br />#urticaria<br />#chronichives<br />#angioedema{% endraw %}
