---
title: "How Women ACTUALLY Want You to Talk to Them"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/LkS2Suxos-U\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "LkS2Suxos-U"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["How Women ACTUALLY Want You to Talk to Them","how to talk to women","how to talk to girls"]
date: "2022-04-11T03:53:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-09T21:02:03Z"
duration: "PT8M25S"
viewcount: "5720"
likeCount: "252"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "After Hours"
---
{% raw %}How Women Actually Want You to Talk to Them. Even if this might shock you, this is how women want you to talk to them, even if they don’t want to admit it.<br /><br />Whether you’ve just met a girl online or getting to know someone in real life, figuring out how to talk to women can be a real balancing act! You want to make sure that you’re being respectful of her boundaries while also letting her know how interested, and attracted you to her. Communication is key for any solid connection. <br /><br />Listening is also important when it comes to talking to women, as it’s to assure someone that they’re being seen and respected. Essentially, when talking to women, you want to convey that you’re fully present and engaged in the conversation with her, while also being charming and fun. talking the right way with the women in your life is crucial, because it allows them to open up without feeling too vulnerable. they want to feel safe when talking to you, not like talking to a stranger. to accomplish this the best way for you to act is friendly and non-threatening, but also interested enough that you don't seem closed off. <br /><br />Something that many guys might find useful is knowing how women want them to talk dirty to them. unfortunately there are so many different ideas about how this should work, that it's hard to pinpoint an exact answer. what you are aiming for is a nice balance between talking dirty and being romantic. take a look at these 10 tips, and you’ll be on your way to talking to women the right way in no time.<br /><br />Eliminating the guesswork is essential because it will allow you to know exactly what response you can expect when talking to any woman, especially if you are talking online. For example, sending messages that aren't open-ended are generally not well received. People like to know that someone is interested in what they have to say, and if you leave them hanging by not asking questions or offering feedback, it can seem like you aren't really engaged. <br /><br />Talking the right way with the women in your life is essential, because it allows them to open up without feeling too vulnerable. They want to feel safe when talking to you, not like talking to a stranger. To accomplish this, the best way for you to act is friendly and non-threatening, but also interested enough that you don't seem closed-off. <br /><br />Something that many guys might find useful is knowing how women want them to talk dirty to them. Unfortunately, there are so many different ideas about how this should work that it's hard to pinpoint an exact answer. What you are aiming for is a nice balance between talking dirty and being romantic<br /><br />#dating #psychology #afterhours{% endraw %}
