---
title: "\"We'll Have to Wait for Sue Gray's Inquiry\" - original song by The Marsh Family"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/6qYJo9zzqeE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "6qYJo9zzqeE"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["COVID-19","Downing Street Parties","Downing Street Party"]
date: "2022-01-21T23:37:43+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-16T02:16:57Z"
duration: "PT5M19S"
viewcount: "90352"
likeCount: "4054"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Marsh Family"
---
{% raw %}This is our first foray into political satire. Because we are cross. It’s not party political.<br /><br />We have addressed lots of topics in the 22 months since we locked down and put our first parody song out. We’ve sung about the mundane side of family life as well as big issues like vaccine hesitancy, climate change and Black Lives Matter protests. We’ve done straight covers and original songs but mostly we’ve charted the waves of the pandemic and sung about the rules we’ve all had to obey. <br /><br />The UK news has lately revealed that Downing Street parties and ministerial and civil service events took place in 2020 and 2021 in breach of the rules that were laid out (and largely respected) by the rest of us. So on Wednesday after watching Prime Minister’s Questions with Tess – who was unwell at home – we decided to write and create this song to express our feelings about it all.<br /><br />As parents who’ve spent many hours teaching our kids about the importance of telling the truth and the difference between a proper apology and one that begins ‘I’m sorry you were upset but …’, we were even more angry with what we have been witnessing. It was embarrassing – and only got worse as a parade of others came out to deflect honest answers and reasonable expectations by saying “we can’t judge until Sue Gray’s enquiry is complete” – Sue Gray is a UK Civil Servant tasked with an investigation of all these events.<br /><br />It’s only taken four days from beginning to end to write and record the song, so it’s rough and ready and there are a couple of swears (again, sorry!) – but it was important to convey how passionately we feel about what’s happening in our government and country, as our healthcare and education services fight desperately to function and people deal with ongoing trauma and loss. It is a form of therapy for us.  <br /><br />So you might not like the song, the sentiment, or the fact that our children are part of this political jibe – it is not party political, it’s about standards. But as with all the other topics we’ve addressed, we’ve done this because it’s been the source of parenting conversations in our house this week. And when nine-year-olds can perceive what the current Cabinet apparently can’t or won’t, and our kids feel alienated from politics and politicians who are supposed to be role models, then that’s a bad thing for everyone and it needs action. <br /><br />You can find more about the current events here if you are interested: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-59577129">https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-59577129</a><br /><br />_________________________<br /><br />If you like what we do, then please consider supporting us on Patreon here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/marshfamilysongs">https://www.patreon.com/marshfamilysongs</a> <br /><br />And huge thanks as ever to our existing patrons, who have given us the confidence and support to keep going in 2022, including the following &quot;Howlers&quot;: <br /><br />Andy Riches<br />Carol Leff<br />Chris Redwood<br />Cliff Hope<br />David Patrao<br />Derrick Brown<br />Jenny Pontin<br />John McD<br />Grandad<br />Juan Antonio Ramírez<br />Paul Ballinger Howe<br />Milford Family<br />Scott Feinstein<br />Stephanie Lloyd{% endraw %}
