---
title: "Natural Vegetation of India I Natural vegetation of INDIA UPSC\/IAS"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/kiHNr0dOj9E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "kiHNr0dOj9E"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["natural vegetation","india","india geography"]
date: "2022-01-29T20:20:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-01-25T11:47:36Z"
duration: "PT9M26S"
viewcount: "85487"
likeCount: "1241"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Exambin"
---
{% raw %}Support us : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instamojo.com/@exambin/">https://www.instamojo.com/@exambin/</a> Download our app : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://examb.in/app">http://examb.in/app</a> Welcome back to the fourth lesson on geography here we are going to see about natural vegetation of india  lecture which will be helpful for your preparations with climate of natural vegetation of india UPSC/IAS<br /><br />Natural vegetation refers to a plant community that has been left undisturbed over a long time. So as to allow its individual species to adjust themselves to climate and soil conditions as fully as possible.<br />India is a land of great variety of natural vegetation. india climate  Himalayan heights are marked with temperate vegetation; the Western Ghats and the Andaman Nicobar Islands have tropical rain forests, the deltaic regions have tropical forests and mangroves; physical divison the desert and semi desert areas of Rajasthan are known for cacti, a wide variety of bushes and thorny vegetation. <br />On the basis of certain common features such as predominant vegetation type and climatic regions, Indian forests can be divided into the following groups:<br />Types of Forests<br />Tropical Evergreen Forests<br />• Tropical evergreen forests have an Avg. Rainfall of 200 cm and Avg. temp. Of 24°C.<br />• It is found at Hot &amp; Humid areas of India like Western Ghats, Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Eastern India.<br />• Tropical deciduous forests are Tall &amp; Dense with their height ranging from 45 – 60 mts. The Trees compete &amp; rise high in wildflife to get sunlight<br />• Ex. Rubber, Coconut, Ebony, Mahogany, Palms<br />Tropical Deciduous Forests <br />• Deciduous forests have an Avg. Rainfall of100 - 200 cm and their avg height is 25 – 45 mts.<br />• They Shed their leaves in summers due to shortage of water which is a natural resources<br />• It is Found at Shiwaliks, Ganga valley, Western Ghats, North Eastern India<br />• They are Economically very important forests because we get majority of raw wood from these forests for Ex. Sal, Teak, Shisham, Sandalwood, Deodar, Mahua<br />Tropical dry Forests<br />• Tropical dry forests have an Avg. Rainfall of 50 to 100 cm and they are Less dense &amp; their size ranges from 6 – 9 mts, <br />• Their Roots are thick &amp; long to use underground water and  the Thick Bark prevents undue evaporation<br />• They are Found in Punjab, Haryana, MP, Eastern Rajasthan, Central Deccan Plateau<br />• Most of the areas are used for agriculture<br />Arid or Desert Forests<br />• Desert forest has an Avg. Rainfall of less than 50 cm.<br />• Prominent features of desert forests are Small leaves, Thick Bark, Long Roots<br />• Indian wild date is common in these deserts<br />• It is Found at Western Rajasthan, South West Haryana, Punjab, and In some parts of Gujrat<br />• Ex. Small sized kikar, Babul, Acacia, Bushes &amp; Shrubs<br />Tidal Forests<br />• These forests grow along the coast and on the edges of the deltas<br />• Famous for Mangrove &amp; Sundari Trees<br />• Consists of thick Bushes &amp; Ferns<br />• They are Known as Halophytes i.e. Tolerant of Salinity<br />• Found at Sundarbans, Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands, Deltas of Mahanadi, Godavari, Krishna &amp; Kavery<br />Mountain forests<br />• Mountain forests vary considerably along the slopes of mountain<br />• On the foothills of Himalayas, upto a height of 1500 meters, evergreen trees, (Sal, teak, bamboo and cane) grow abundantly.<br />• On higher slope between 1,500 meters to 3,500 meters, temperate conifer trees (pine, fir, oak, maple, deodar, laurel spruce, cedar) grow.<br />• At the higher altitude of the Himalayas, rhododendrons and junipers are found.<br />Forest cover in India<br />• According to the India State of Forest Report (ISFR) 2015, the forest area covers 21.34 per cent of the total land area of the country. <br />• The forest area is the area notified and recorded as the forest land irrespective of the existence of trees, while the actual forest cover is the area occupied by forests with canopy. <br />Forest Conservation<br />Forests have an intricate interrelationship with life and environment. These provide numerous direct and indirect advantages to our economy and society. <br />Hence, conservation of forest is of vital importance to the survival and prosperity of humankind. <br />Accordingly, the Government of India proposed to have a nation-wide forest conservation policy, and adopted a forest policy in 1952, which was further modified in 1988. <br />The forest policy aimed at:<br />• bringing 33 per cent of the geographical areas under forest cover; <br />• maintaining environmental stability and to restore forests where ecological balance was disturbed;<br />• conserving the natural heritage of the country, its biological diversity and genetic pool.<br /><br />Social Forestry<br />Farm Forestry{% endraw %}
