---
title: "Silver Convention - Fly Robin Fly (1975) • TopPop"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/wC_kCnm3GYQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "wC_kCnm3GYQ"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Music","Archive","80's"]
date: "2022-04-29T14:52:57+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-10-22T08:52:36Z"
duration: "PT5M14S"
viewcount: "4458818"
likeCount: "49585"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "TopPop"
---
{% raw %}Silver Convention were a West German Euro disco recording act of the 1970s. The group was originally named Silver Bird Convention or Silver Bird.<br />The group was formed in Munich by producers and songwriters Sylvester Levay and Michael Kunze. Silver was Sylvester's nickname. In 1974 they had a hit in the UK with the song Save me. Since it was originally a studio group, from that moment on, singers were sought to perform.<br /><br />Linda G. Thompson (Linda Übelherr), Penny McLean (Gertrude Wirshinger) and Ramona Wulf (Ramona Kraft) were hired. Silver Convention had two big hits in the United States; Fly, Robin, Fly, the text of which consisted of only six words, was in the top charts of the 1975 charts for three weeks and won the Grammy Award for best instrumental R&amp;B interpretation. Successor Get up and boogie was number two for three weeks in 1976.<br /><br />Watch our great music videos ❯ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/feVLNN">https://goo.gl/feVLNN</a><br />More TopPop? Subscribe here ❯ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/aICMxi">https://goo.gl/aICMxi</a><br />More info on Wikipedia ❯ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TopPop">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TopPop</a><br /><br />Broadcast date: 1975-12-06<br /><br />This is to let you know that the video recording of the video clip was originally recorded by AVROTROS Broadcasting. AVROTROS Broadcasting hereby warrants and represents that it is the sole and exclusive owner of the physical film and/or videotape footage in this video clip. <br /><br />The performance of the artist(s) in the clip was filmed and recorded with the written consent of the artist(s) and their representatives.<br /><br />AVROTROS is a Dutch radio and television broadcaster, founded in 2014 from a merger of AVRO and TROS. From January 1st, 2014 the name of the merged broadcaster was used in joint programmes. AVRO was founded in 1923 as the Netherlands first public broadcaster. TROS started broadcasting in 1964. Toppop was a weekly AVRO pop program that was aired between 1970 and 1988.<br /><br />AVROTROS Broadcasting<br />PO Box 2<br />1200 JA Hilversum<br />The Netherlands<br /><br />TopPop was the first regular dedicated pop music TV show in the Dutch language area. Dutch broadcaster AVRO aired the programme weekly, from 1970 to 1988. Presenter Ad Visser hosted the show for its first fifteen years.<br />World famous music artists performed on TopPop: ABBA, 10CC, Bee Gees, The Jacksons with Michael Jackson, David Bowie, Earth &amp; Fire, Queen, Golden Earring, Boney M, KC &amp; The Sunshine Band, Chic, Donna Summer and many many more.{% endraw %}
