---
title: "Health Insurance For Early Retirement - Here Are 4 Options"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pjR3wIGOZsc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pjR3wIGOZsc"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["financial advisor in atlanta","financial planner in atlanta","fee only financial advisor"]
date: "2022-05-18T00:33:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-04-29T10:00:26Z"
duration: "PT6M37S"
viewcount: "27722"
likeCount: "856"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Prana Wealth"
---
{% raw %}Health insurance for retirees under age 65 can be a challenge. Here are four options if you need health insurance for early retirement.<br /><br />Link to find a health insurance agent: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://nahu.org/looking-for-an-agent/find-an-agent">https://nahu.org/looking-for-an-agent/find-an-agent</a><br /><br />To learn more, visit our website:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.pranawealth.com/">https://www.pranawealth.com/</a><br /><br />*** Free Guide ***<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pranawealth.vipmembervault.com/">https://pranawealth.vipmembervault.com/</a><br /><br />#pranawealth #patrickking #howtoretire #retirement #retirementplanning #healthinsurance<br /><br />--- About Patrick King CFP® ---<br />Patrick King is a fee-only financial advisor in Atlanta and the Founder of Prana Wealth. Over his career, Patrick has helped CEOs, all-star athletes, Grammy-winning artists, and many others build their wealth, retire sooner, and create a legacy. Patrick enjoys yoga, mountain biking, golf, travel photography, and Clemson football.<br /><br />Let’s connect:<br />LinkedIn – PatrickBKing<br />Facebook – @pranawealth<br />Instagram – @pranawealth<br />Twitter – @PranaWealth<br />----------<br />DISCLAIMER:  This is a publication of Prana Wealth Management LLC. All opinions of the authors expressed herein are as of the date of publication and are subject to change. Any information presented herein is not an offer to buy or sell, nor a solicitation to buy or sell any securities or products mentioned. Any investment, tax, legal, or estate planning or information is to be considered general in nature and is not intended as personalized financial planning advice. Always consult a financial, legal, or tax professional regarding your specific situation. Different investments have varying degrees of risk and there is no assurance that they will be suitable for a particular person’s portfolio. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Prana Wealth Management LLC is a registered investment adviser in the state of Georgia and other states where it is excluded or exempted from registration requirements. Registration as an investment adviser does not constitute an endorsement from securities regulators. Prana Wealth Management LLC receives compensation from YouTube for the presence of advertising before, after, and during this video content. Prana Wealth Management LLC does not control the content or presence of any advertisements. The presence of any advertisement does not constitute an endorsement of the ad, company, entity, or product by Prana Wealth Mangement LLC.<br />----------<br />CONTENT DISCLAIMER:  The views and opinions expressed through this media or in comments on this channel are those of the creators and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinions held by this channel's broadcaster.<br /><br />Due to the social nature of this channel, these videos may contain content copyrighted by another person or entity. This channel's owner claims no copyright to said content. The broadcaster of this channel cannot be held accountable for the copyrighted content. The broadcaster shares and strives to verify information, but cannot warrant the accuracy of copyrights or completeness of the information on this channel.<br /><br />Any copyrighted material shared on this channel is intended to be shared by Fair Use. If you have a complaint about the use of copyrighted material, please contact the broadcaster prior to making a copyright claim. Any infringement is unintentional and will be rectified to all parties' satisfaction.{% endraw %}
