---
title: "★Human Programmed: Limited Subconscious Beliefs Purger - Level 1 ★ (Remove Subconscious Beliefs)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/NS30h8kS0aM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "NS30h8kS0aM"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["beliefs","mind-control","matrix"]
date: "2022-04-12T03:15:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-11-28T14:17:30Z"
duration: "PT10M1S"
viewcount: "618361"
likeCount: "4162"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Quadible Integrity - Healing Frequency Music"
---
{% raw %}★Human Programmed: Limited Subconscious Beliefs Purger - Level 1 (Remove Subconscious Beliefs) <br /><br />➤Loop This Video: CLICK HERE!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS30h8kS0aM&amp;list=PLVDROOmFn5tMwQDaAwOx40HyNtq1bdF_i&amp;t=6s&amp;index=1">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS30h8kS0aM&amp;list=PLVDROOmFn5tMwQDaAwOx40HyNtq1bdF_i&amp;t=6s&amp;index=1</a><br /><br />#quadible #spirilution #frequency <br /><br />Understanding how the mind works is critical to attracting and enjoying abundance, wealth, prosperity, personal goals and affluence. Your mind is the key! It always has been, but those unscrupulous individuals who run society (The Rulers) who desire to keep you deaf, dumb, and blind for their own benefit have kept your focus away from the powers of your own mind. Your mind has been used against you so as to work #Universal law against yourself and the benefit of the Rulers who purposely program you with negative thoughts, beliefs, and images via a plethora of tools such as television (movies, nightly news, etc.), music, and other media knowing that your thoughts and beliefs create and shape your reality (existence).You are not taught how to go within and develop your inner gifts and attributes so as to live the experience you incarnated into life specifically for.<br /><br />It is imperative that you understand how the #Subconscious mind works because when you do, you'll also discover how the Universe works.<br />The subconscious mind is nothing but the “neural pathways” that have been established in your brain as result of your past beliefs and conditioning. During your unconscious existence, when you weren’t aware enough, you ended up imbibing a lot of limiting beliefs, negative conditioning and misguided perceptions about life, that you took to be “true” and hence believed in them enough to create strong neural pathways in your brain about them – causing these patterns of thought to become “subconscious”. Neural pathways are physical links, they are real and they are no different from a strong rope made from interweaving several layers of strings. <br /><br />Once you consciously see through a negativity, or a negative belief, within you, the neural pathway associated with that negativity will take time to come down, even when you are no longer supporting it consciously – it could well take a few months for a neural pathway, associated with a pattern of thought, to come down fully.<br /><br />A lot of people who realize certain truths, and gain clarity, feel frustrated that their brain is not able to sync up with this understanding. The basic deal is that your conscious mind has gained the understanding, but your subconscious mind is yet to get programmed in it – it still has strong neural pathways associated with the old beliefs, conditioning and thought pattern. The #conscious mind can get it immediately, and you can feel a sense of relief and elation on getting the clarity, but the very next day you can come up against the subconscious mind that starts churning out the old patterns. <br /><br />To program your subconscious mind, with the present “conscious” understanding that you’ve gained, will take time, and you need to make an allowance for it, understanding that it’s a physical process of bringing down the old neural pathways in your brain. In fact these neural pathways are constantly reinforced by your current reality, because your present reality is by itself a web that you’ve interwoven through your thought patterns, so for a while you would need to create a rift in this unconscious reinforcement by consciously dis-identifying with the negativity in your present external reality.<br /><br />This powerful Quadified Formula works to eliminate programmed limited beliefs within our subconscious mind. By dissolving these limited beliefs, you can break free of the Matrix and begin to attract and experience your Divine birthright of abundance, prosperity, wealth, and affluence and the key is all in your mind and the necessary tool for unlocking the secrets of your mind. We also recommend listening to this concoction if you are lacking in results using Quadible’s Formulas in general. Although thousands of individuals have experienced life altering results from Quadible’s Concoctions, there are some individuals that have not. <br /><br />Our main goal is for everyone to benefit from our creations so we will continue to develop new tools and creations for your benefit. Quadible chose to introduce this formula in layers/levels because to introduce a formula that would strip away all the limited beliefs at once would be extremely overwhelming to certain individuals. This formula aims to eliminate the first layers of limited beliefs in a subtle fashion to avoid mental complications,shock, trauma or confusion. <br /><br />LISTEN AT A LOW COMFORTABLE LEVEL. <br />(HEADPHONES ARE REQ'D.)<br />NO WATER NEEDED<br /><br />Thank you to all of you beautiful souls who have graciously made donations as we are filled with endless gratitude. If you would like to make a donation see link below.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&amp;hosted_button_id=DLNT6WP8WTJ5C">https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&amp;hosted_button_id=DLNT6WP8WTJ5C</a><br /><br />#subliminal #affirmations #meditation #subliminals{% endraw %}
