---
title: "15 Lunatic Hunting Moments Of Wild Animals Caught On Camera"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/z1eOxeYh6eo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "z1eOxeYh6eo"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["new","viral","LUNATIC HUNTING MOMENTS OF WILD ANIMALS CAUGHT ON CAMERA"]
date: "2022-05-27T05:23:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-26T13:00:23Z"
duration: "PT19M19S"
viewcount: "3103"
likeCount: "38"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Brilliant"
---
{% raw %}When predators are hungry, they will go to any length to capture prey. Have you ever seen what a hungry polecat is capable of? How do you think an ant colony would deal with snakes? If you want to know, stick around, as we count down 15 lunatic hunting moments of wild animals caught on camera.  <br /><br />► Subscribe For New Videos! ►  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/UpeqAc">https://goo.gl/UpeqAc</a> <br /><br />Watch our “Brutal And Terrific Moments Of Animals Being Defeated In Battle For Food&quot;<br />video here:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/wyd6kea1la0">https://youtu.be/wyd6kea1la0</a> <br />Watch our “Why These Animals Reject And Kill Their Offspring?&quot;<br />video here:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/S-uooNdvpZ8">https://youtu.be/S-uooNdvpZ8</a> <br />Watch our “Incredibly Savage And Brutal Hunting Moments By Hyenas&quot;<br />video here:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ZqwC2i0Rlco">https://youtu.be/ZqwC2i0Rlco</a><br /><br />Wild Dog Vs Hippo<br /><br />A colossal hippo is attempting to find some peace and quiet in this watering hole, but guess who shows up to disrupt the fun? A pack of wild dogs, of course, is always on the lookout for an opportunity. The wild dogs don't really do much but crack the hippos' chops. In general, wild dogs are more of a nuisance for hippos and kind of disturb their peace. If the dogs didn’t go looking for trouble in hippo territory, hippos would never bother them. You can see in these videos that the dogs are always on the lookout for prey, and many times, their prey are found near hippos, hence the reason for all this conflict.  These wild dogs harass this massive hippo in this video. It's not as if the dogs will gain anything from this encounter, other than some entertainment. Because this is such a large and strong hippo, the wild dogs would take an enormous risk trying to take it down, which is unlikely. So, how do the dogs behave? They conclude that they've wasted enough of their time, and this hippo’s time as well, and decide to call it a day. I’m not sure if these two were on a blind date, but it’s curious to see one lone wild dog get so close to a hippo in the water. Perhaps both animals should check out their respective dating apps, to make sure they’re on the right one.  <br /><br />Bear Hunting  <br /><br />This bear has captured an elk calf and it’s devouring it alive. You can see the elk is still moving, even though the bear is biting into it and pulling chunks of meat out. This is gruesome to watch, but it’s part of nature.  A black bear attacks and drags a moose calf away from the riverbank and into the forest under the watchful eyes of the calf’s mom.  A bear drags an elk calf somewhere discreet, while the animal is still alive. Once he’s comfortable, the bear begins to eat the elk calf alive.  A bear attacked a deer in the backyard of a residence, adjacent to a road leading into a canyon. I’m used to seeing squirrels and raccoons in my backyard. Imagine seeing a deer and a bear.  <br /><br />For copyright matters please contact <br /><br />Background Music:  Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com) Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/</a><br /><br />Thank you so much for watching! Smash that like button for more, make sure you share the video with your friends and don't forget to subscribe!{% endraw %}
