---
title: "What happened to Surcouf - the largest cruiser submarine of WW2"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/z1kNZ4JE4D4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "z1kNZ4JE4D4"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["navy","french","submarine"]
date: "2022-02-28T15:07:15+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-28T11:30:13Z"
duration: "PT15M39S"
viewcount: "1951"
likeCount: "220"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Found And Explained"
---
{% raw %}Want your own secret weapon in the bedroom? Time to get Roman:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://getroman.com/found">https://getroman.com/found</a><br /><br />Discord: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://discord.gg/WXb565P9nQ">https://discord.gg/WXb565P9nQ</a><br />New Channel: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD3cl0MmX6fGZzeAHt4JWJA">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD3cl0MmX6fGZzeAHt4JWJA</a><br /><br />Join this channel to get access to perks:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpM4zrZ9c_apiEj6CApj2yw/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpM4zrZ9c_apiEj6CApj2yw/join</a><br /><br />Special thanks to Tony Wony for the 3d work. <br />Special thanks to Aerospaceprojectsreview.com<br /><br />In ww1, the Germans decimate the British supply lines with their submarine fleet. <br /><br />Other countries quickly understood the importance of such vessels and how the naval doctrine was forever changed by this new threat under the seas. <br /><br />After investing serious funds into the creation of their own submarine fleet, the French decided to push forward with a daring concept of hybrid vessel which could provide the serious firepower of a cruiser and the ability for surprise attacks which at the time only the submarines could provide.<br /><br />There were two types of goals behind the French decision to make the Surcouf submarine cruiser. First were geopolitical goals. One needs to remember that France still had a large empire that spanned four continents leading up to World War 2, and the French were determined to protect those interests. <br /><br />The only way to do it effectively was through a strong and flexible navy. <br /><br />Second were the military goals. Its principal purpose was to search and destroy enemy fleets in collaboration with its own fleet. <br /><br />A sort of a weapon that would spearhead the assault or surprise the enemy fleet while the supporting ships can wreak havoc from the distance.<br /><br />Another purpose was to engage in the active pursuit of enemy convoys on the open seas. Something like what Germans did with their U boats in WW1 and famous Wolf pack tactics in WW2. <br /><br />So it was in 1927. That the decision was made and green light was given for the development of a new submarine class.  <br /><br />Building the Surcouf took 7 years before it was finally put into service in May 1934. <br /><br />It was undoubtedly the largest submarine in its day courtesy of being 110 metres in length and having a surface weight of 3,304 tons. Being so large meant that the submarine could accommodate a crew of 8 officers and 110 men on board. Its interior also contained a cargo compartment that could hold 40 prisoners or lodge 40 passengers. <br /><br />For comparison, the most famous German submarine of WW2, the Type VII was 67m long and had less than half of the crew of Surcouf. <br /><br />Size would allow this beast to carry enough supplies for up 10000 nautical miles - or 90 days underwater!. <br /><br />Its propulsion was provided by two diesel engines and two electric engines. It could attain a top speed of 18.5 knots, which is 34 kph on the surface and <br />10 knots, equivalent to 19kph when underwater.<br /><br />But the thing that truly set this submarine as a class of it’s own were the weapons.<br /><br />The Surcouf would house a twin-gun pressure-tight turret in front of the conning tower, equipped with 203 mm guns. These were akin in calibre to the guns of a heavy cruiser. Each gun had a 60-round magazine capacity and could fire five to six rounds per minute. The ammo was actually stored in a lift well underneath the turret, and brought up during engagements.<br /><br />The vessel was equipped with a hangar and Marcel Besson MB.411 floatplane. This was important because the guns were hampered by having their range finders positioned so close to the water surface, given that a submarine sits lower in the water compared to a combat ship, so the floatplane could be used as a forward observer and provide the important information for the gunners. <br /><br />Further fire power was provided by anti air cannons and machine guns for protection against anti submarine aircraft. two 37 mm anti-aircraft cannons and four 13.2 mm anti-aircraft machine guns mounted on the top of the hangar.<br /><br />The Surcouf was also equipped with 10 torpedo tubes, six of which were 550 mm and four of which were 400 mm tubes.<br />Four tubes were front facing, 3 were situated in the aft section of the submarine and 3 of them were also in the aft section but they could be used to fire torpedos to either port or starboard side. <br /><br />However, all of this didn’t come without a bunch of issues.<br /><br />The Surcouf was also a sluggish vessel, taking two minutes to dive to a depth of just 12 metres. This made the French sub very vulnerable to enemy aircraft, exacerbated by the fact that she had no form of radar on board.<br /><br />The guns couldn’t be used when the sub’s roll was more than 8 degrees and it was almost efficient for any combat during harsh seas or night because the fall of shot couldn’t be observed. <br /><br />But enough with the stats, le’s move on now to the story of its life and deployment.{% endraw %}
