---
title: "Local people & culture Greece"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/rJ6ZtpjxVbc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "rJ6ZtpjxVbc"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["greece travel vlog","greece travel montage","greece budget travel from india"]
date: "2022-04-24T20:43:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-04-18T00:25:22Z"
duration: "PT11M37S"
viewcount: "11774"
likeCount: "109"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "World Travel Guide"
---
{% raw %}Local people &amp; culture Greece, Greece travel guide, Greece travel vlog, Greece tourism &amp; vacation<br />Travel Videos (Subscribe Now) 🔔<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZA8CQtDTrwHnvZrbpZkkiw?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZA8CQtDTrwHnvZrbpZkkiw?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br /><br />Greece is a country of great interests and diverse cultures, influenced by its location, at the junction between the East and the West and by the many occupations of the Greek people throughout history.<br /><br />In general, the Greeks are particularly proud of their culture and speak of their country with an intense passion, feeling that the culture in Greece is a definition of their national and ethnic belonging. Traditions, religion, music, language, food, and wines are the major composites of the culture in Greece and the Greek islands and constitute the base for those who wish to visit and understand today's country.<br /><br />Greek Culture: Aspects of the culture in Greece<br />======================================<br />Below we propose information about the main aspects of the Greek culture today: language, traditions, religion, food, music and more.<br /><br />Language<br />Language constitutes one of the most important elements of Greek culture. The modern Greek language is a descendant of the Ancient Greek language and is affiliated to the part of the Greek or Hellenic branch of Indo-European. The first written Greek was found on baked mud tablets, in the remains of the Knossos Palace of Crete island. Linear A and Linear B are the two most ancient types of written language in Greece.<br /><br />History<br />Greece is a country with a very rich history from the Bronze age, to the classical period, Roman period, Ottoman period and more. It also famous worldwide for many famous people and their actions throughout centuries. This section proposes information about the history of Greece but provides also information about the significance of the flags, a list with most famous archaeological sites, historical monuments and Unesco Sites in Greece.<br /><br />Geography<br />Geographically Greece is a mountainous peninsula surrounded by water. Due to the 13,676 km of coastline and the 2,000 Greek islands, of which only 168 are inhabited, the Greeks developed since the ancient times a strong connection with the sea. This is why the Greeks have a long tradition in navigation, shipbuilding and marine trade, which historically led to interconnection with other people. As the country is located on the corner spot between Europe, Asia, and Africa, the Greek culture is actually a mixture of European and Eastern elements.<br /><br />Traditions &amp; customs<br />Traditions in Greece and Greek Islands either have a religious character or come from paganism. Furthermore, most of the traditions and festivals still followed and celebrated today are religious. That is why so many panygiria are organized in the country, which are actually religious celebrations of saints followed by traditional music and dance in the square of the village. These panigiria are a strong element of the Greek culture and take place all year round, especially in summer.<br /><br />Religion<br />Religion plays an important role in the understanding of daily culture. The 98% of the Greeks are Christians Orthodox. The rest of the population are Muslims, Roman Catholics, and Jewish. Greece and Russia are the only countries to have such a big proportion of Christians Orthodox. The Orthodox Church forms the third largest branch of Christianity, after the Roman Catholics and the Protestants.<br /><br />Music<br />The Greek music is of unbelievable diversity due to the creative Greek assimilation of different influences of the Eastern and Western culture of Asia and Europe. Music in Greece has a long history dating from ancient times, during which poetry, dancing, and music were inseparable and played an important part in ancient Greek everyday life and culture.<br /><br />Food and wine<br />Greek cuisine is famous for its good quality products and the amazing taste of its food and wines. Some dishes are the same everywhere in Greece, whereas some others are local culinary specialties. The same dishes can be cooked differently or with different ingredients depending on the region. Food is an important part of Greek culture.<br /><br />Products<br />Many products are characteristic of Greece, including various types of cheese (feta, metsovone, and formaella), virgin olive oil from Lesvos, Crete and Laconia, capper from Santorini, potatoes from Naxos, citrus fruits from Peloponnese and others like honey, wine, spices, nuts and more. These fresh culinary products are widely used in cooking and constitute strong elements of the local culture.{% endraw %}
