---
title: "Uranium Inventories Are Higher Than You Think, says Nuclear Engineer"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/A36V307sLTQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "A36V307sLTQ"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Uranium","Inventories","Higher"]
date: "2022-06-01T07:36:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-31T20:00:02Z"
duration: "PT38M16S"
viewcount: "2077"
likeCount: "161"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Resource Talks"
---
{% raw %}Jim Pelchat has been a nuclear engineer for roughly two and a half decades. He currently works at a nuclear power plant. It's safe to say he knows his stuff.<br /><br />This clip shows the first part of my - May 26th - conversation with him, in which we talked about uranium inventory he thinks the utilities have, enrichment, conversion, Japanese restarts and more. Jim told me a lot of things about the nuclear industry that I didn't know nor understand before.<br /><br />During the second part, we talked about Jim's approach to uranium investing as well as his personal portfolio. For the full conversation visit: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://resourcetalks.com/podcast/nuclear-engineer-explains-why-uranium-contracting-will-start-very-soon/">https://resourcetalks.com/podcast/nuclear-engineer-explains-why-uranium-contracting-will-start-very-soon/</a><br /><br />Jim thinks that uranium inventories are much higher than what experts think.<br /><br />Some people have been caught saying that utilities have about 16 months of uranium inventories, but Jim thinks that's not true. He says that if utilities had less than 36 months they'd start panicking.<br /><br />Jim also reminded me that it takes about 18 months to make fuel rods, from what mining companies take out of the ground.<br /><br />So, if utilities have 36 months of inventories and 16 months is the lowest they would ever go on. That means that they'll need their uranium within 20 months. If it takes 18 months to take it out of the ground and make it into fuel, that means utilities will start asking mining companies for uranium very, very soon, according to this nuclear engineer. <br /><br />Antonio Atanasov is not an investment advisor. The information provided in this publication – and all other publications by Resource Talks – is impersonal in nature and meant for general information purposes only. Before taking any action on any investment, it is imperative that you consult with multiple licensed, experienced, and qualified investment advisors. Get numerous opinions before taking your own decision in the end. The minimum risk on any investment mentioned in this publication is 100% loss of capital. Shortly: you can lose all of your money if you listen to talking heads on the internet. Especially if they have orange hair and no experience (me).<br /><br />Viewers are cautioned that this presentation contains forward-looking statements about expected future events and the financial and operating performance of the company discussed herein. Reality often varies from our expectations. <br /><br />Timestamps<br />00:00 Important warning<br />01:00 How much uranium inventory is there out there?<br />04:30 Are utilities trying to corner Sprott?<br />07:30 When will utilities start signing long-term contracts?<br />09:30 The SWU prices have gone up, what does that mean?<br />13:30 Will the uranium price overshoot?<br />16:30 What’s overfeeding and why does that matter?<br />20:40 Do all utilities start signing contracts at the same time?<br />23:20 Japanese restarts and what that means<br />25:00 Japanese uranium inventories<br />28:30 When does Japan start contracting?<br />35:00 How long will the uranium price stay elevated for?<br />38:00 Full conversation{% endraw %}
