---
title: "The NEW INSANE Israeli's Battery Is On The Verge Of DISRUPTING The ENTIRE EV Industry! | 4680 Cells"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/aYq6v8qotGM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "aYq6v8qotGM"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["elon musk","battery breakthrough","storedot"]
date: "2022-05-05T15:18:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-01T14:00:00Z"
duration: "PT9M3S"
viewcount: "25791"
likeCount: "488"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Tech Revolution"
---
{% raw %}The NEW INSANE Israeli's Battery Is On The Verge Of DISRUPTING The ENTIRE EV Industry! |4680 Cells!<br /><br /><br />#elonmusk             #ev             #battery<br /><br />It all began in 2020 when Tesla, a transportation and energy company, released the project of 4680 battery cells on its battery day. The company confirmed that the new cell is 46mm by 80mm. That is where the innovation got its name: 4680. Tesla’s new 4680 battery format promises yet another step forward in electric vehicle capabilities, but it isn’t ready for large-scale production just yet. Panasonic; which currently produces batteries for Tesla, plans to start the mass production of Tesla’s 4680 battery cells in the fiscal year of April 2024. Also, while it promises more range for less cost, Tesla’s new cell design still doesn’t fix one of the major criticisms of battery-electric vehicles and  how long they take to &quot;refuel.&quot;<br /><br />Tesla’s CEO, Elon Musk, showed the road to 56% cheaper batteries in the near future. How? Breakthrough innovations in cell chemistry and materials, simplifying and speeding up cell manufacturing processes, a structural battery, and the company’s new 4680 form factor. The 4680 battery will be far less expensive because there will be fewer of them required; one can replace five of the 2170 batteries.<br /><br />Again, due to size, it will be larger in terms of capacity. As a result, a car with a 4680 will have more range. All is well and good, but would a completely different battery design be better than the one StoreDot is developing? Tesla’s new cells are bigger, provide about six times as much power, and have about five times as much energy capacity as the previous Tesla 21700 cells.<br /><br />Tesla is winning with the 4680 because they are manufacturing this battery cell right now. Elon Musk is smart enough not to pin his hopes on a technology that might come to market someday in the future. Tesla is making the best battery that they can with what they have available at the moment. If something better comes about in the future, then Tesla can pivot, but in the meantime, they are rocketing ahead while most other automakers are standing still – and that’s what makes them such a fun company to talk about.<br /><br />Based in Herzliya, StoreDot was founded in 2012 and has been developing lithium-ion-based battery technologies using nanomaterials and organic and inorganic compounds that enable ultra-fast charging for the mobile and industrial markets. The company says the process redefines the chemistry of conventional lithium-ion batteries, taking electric vehicle charging times from hours to minutes.<br />What makes this technology special, making it a threat to Tesla’s 4680 batteries?<br />• range anxiety- which is primarily concerned with how long it takes to recharge an electric vehicle's batteries, is a concern among drivers. They are concerned that the battery will run out of power before they can get to their destination. StoreDot is on track for a range of 100 miles for EVs.<br />• charging time-The Israeli battery developer StoreDot has presented its strategic technology roadmap, &quot;100inX&quot;. Within the next ten years, it plans to deliver battery cells that can recharge energy for a range of 100 miles (160 kilometers) in just two minutes. Isn’t that super amazing?<br />• increased charging capacities—StoreDot batteries, according to the company, retain 70% of their original capacity after 1700 charging cycles and 80% after 1000 charging cycles. And not just that, they claimed to offer a 50% shorter time at the same cost as the production of its XFC batteries. StoreDot’s 4680 is reported to have approximately 9000 milliampere per hour.<br />• higher energy density of 450 Watt hour per kilogram and potentially a longer lifespan- The company’s CEO, Dr. Doron Myersdorf, has said that the company not only has benefits for the drivers of electric vehicles to maintain the performance of their vehicles for many years but also in second-life applications.<br />The technology targeted for 2024 is lithium-ion batteries with a silicon-dominant anode, also known as these cells are expected to have an energy density of around 300 Watt hour per kg. In 2028, solid-state cells will be introduced, which will not only enable even higher charging capacities but also offer an even higher energy density of 450 Watt hour per kg. StoreDot speaks of &quot;being released in 2028,&quot; so the technology is probably already in development.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Keywords Used;<br />elon musk, battery breakthrough, StoreDot, 4680 battery, tesla 4680 battery, 4680 battery tesla, tesla 4680 battery production, tesla new 4680 battery, tesla 4680 battery release date, 4680, 4680 battery production, tesla 4680, tesla 4680 battery range, 4680 battery news, 4680 battery cell, giga texas, 4680 tabless battery, 4680 cells, model y 4680, storedot battery, storedot fast charging battery, storedot battery technology, doron myersdorf storedot, invest storedot stock{% endraw %}
