---
title: "Tesla Gigafactory Texas 4 March 2022 Cyber Truck & Model Y Factory Construction Update (07:35AM)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/q2Y0WJsvat4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "q2Y0WJsvat4"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["Cyber Truck","Model Y","Gigafactory"]
date: "2022-03-05T03:17:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-04T21:46:00Z"
duration: "PT25M42S"
viewcount: "4377"
likeCount: "783"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Joe Tegtmeyer"
---
{% raw %}Gigafactory Texas on 4 March 2022! This is where the Cyber Truck and Model Y will be built!<br /><br />   Inside source tells me there is a big push on to get the site ready for Giga Fest on 7 April, and the frenzy of activity really bears this out!  Permits for the Giga Fest have been filed with Travis County, so that is another great sign that we should see an awesome opening ceremony in just 30 more days! Many other noticeable changes around the entire site, starting with now hundreds of Model Y’s arranged on the south end!<br />  <br />Timestamps:<br />Drone flight highlights from today with discussion &amp; illustration: 0:06 to 4:00<br />Drone flight footage &amp; infographics: 4:27 to 25:41<br /><br />Here are some more highlights from around the site today:<br />- As mentioned, production is picking up with now hundreds of Model Y’s on the south end. Still all black or blue painted long-range versions and what appeared to be performance versions in the previous video were just long-range versions with different wheels. Still, progress is obvious!<br />- Also on the south end, we see all but a few small sections of phase 2 concrete have now been poured! As fast as the concrete is curing, Model Y’s are taking the available space, so plenty to see in this area! We also see paving and parking markings on the west side area.<br />- The south end of the building is also busy, with more deliveries arriving and electrical conduit being installed near the perimeter grade beam.<br />- Along the west side, we see trenching for electrical conduit in the middle of the main road, likely to allow for lighting along the length of the road.<br />- The solar panel installation on the roof continues to grow, with more panels installed defining the big “E” of TESLA. We also see more racking systems being laid out along the width of the roof, hinting at further panel installs happening soon.<br />- The northwest corner roadway shows paving and also what may be a foundation for a retaining wall on an elevated area along the length. This appears consistent with the site plan “Cyberwall” area, but many viewers have said they don’t think the wall will be built, so we shall see if the actual documents are right, or my viewers!<br />- The north end of the battery cell structure shows both temporary platforms are now removed and we can get a good look inside as the cranes are gone as well. We see preparations for finishing the concrete apron at the base and possibly wall panel installation soon.<br />- North end of the paint shop has a lot of materials, some marked “CEDINSA” Modular paint shop and other green-wrapped materials. In addition, the storm water pipe installation continues, working east to west.<br />- The electrical conduit installation north of the casting structure is also getting paving over the excavation area, which will finish off this area soon and restore the parking area here. We see the conduit and trench up to the side of Tesla Road.<br />- The east side parking area is really transforming now with huge areas nearly ready for paving. In the central area, we see some concrete being replaced in the areas crews were removing the old concrete, and we see a large paving operation on the southeast corner.<br />- Farther to the east, the area that was identified as the battery cathode foundation has been prepared as a parking lot, fenced off from the material storage area and has a main entrance with a guard shack now. It is very possible a major site plan change has been made, relocating the battery cathode plant to the new northeast clearing area<br />- The far northeast clearing area hill and pond removal, pus grade raising and levelling continues at a brisk pace. We see a lot of belly dump trucks arriving from off-site brining the dirt needed to fill the area and get it level, plus a lot of work with Geotextile membranes to stabilize the soil for future construction.<br /><br />     Thank you for watching and I hope this has been informative, educational, and entertaining for you. If you would like, please consider supporting me via Patreon (link is in the description of this video and in the video itself) so I can continue to make and share these incredible videos.<br /><br />Follow me on<br />Patreon <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/joeslastchancegarage">https://www.patreon.com/joeslastchancegarage</a><br />Twitter @JoeTegtmeyer<br />Instagram (Joe’s Last Chance Garage) for the latest updates: #joeslastchancegarage<br />Facebook Joe Tegtmeyer and Joe’s Last Chance Garage<br /><br />Be sure to check out additional Texas Gigafactory footage on these channels:<br />@Terafactory Texas<br />@Jeff Roberts <br />@Texas Terafactory<br /><br />Video, photos, illustrations, and commentary on this video is by me, Joe Tegtmeyer unless otherwise annotated.<br /><br />Music in this video is obtained from the YouTube free and unrestricted and royalty-free use library.  Ending song is Mr. Sunny Face - Wayne Jones<br /><br />Drones used are DJI Mavic Mini and Mavic Air 2.<br /><br />Drone flight over Giga Texas is with permission of Tesla and CEO Elon Musk{% endraw %}
