---
title: "5 Free Ways to Recover Deleted Files on Windows 10"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/0SiTGVhWqT8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "0SiTGVhWqT8"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["recover deleted files on Windows 10","recover deleted files","recover deleted files in Windows 10"]
date: "2022-03-05T10:45:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-03-17T15:09:47Z"
duration: "PT8M53S"
viewcount: "540965"
likeCount: "6216"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "CleverFiles"
---
{% raw %}Need to recover deleted files on Windows 10? Here are 5 methods with step-by-step tutorials.<br />Download Disk Drill: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.cleverfiles.com/downloads.html">https://www.cleverfiles.com/downloads.html</a><br />Free data recovery within 500 MB. <br />Text tutorial: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.cleverfiles.com/recover-deleted-files.html">https://www.cleverfiles.com/recover-deleted-files.html</a><br /><br />Timestamps:<br />Recover Deleted Files from a Recycle Bin 00:59<br />Recover Files Using CMD 02:09<br />Free Data Recovery Software 03:42<br />File History Method 06:48<br />Restore previous versions 07:32 <br /><br /><br />Method 1: Recover deleted files from a Recycle Bin<br />1. Double-click on the Recycle Bin to open it.<br />2. Find and see the files to be recovered. You can use the Ctrl and Shift keys to choose multiple items at once.<br />3. Right-click on the selection and choose Restore. This will restore the file to its original location. You can also drag the file out of the Recycle Bin and drop it on a new location where it will be stored.<br />4. Verify the files have indeed been restored to their original or new location.<br /><br />Method 2: Recover Files Using CMD<br />1. Open the Start menu. recover deleted files in Windows 10<br />2. Type &quot;cmd&quot;, right-click on the top match, and select &quot;Run as administrator&quot; to run the Command Prompt with an administrator privilege.<br />3. Type &quot;chkdsk X: /f&quot; and hit Enter on your keyboard. Replace &quot;X&quot; with the letter of your hard drive.<br />4. Type &quot;ATTRIB -H -R -S /S /D X:*.*&quot; and hit Enter. Again, replace &quot;X&quot; with the letter of your hard drive.<br /><br />Method 3: Use a Data Recovery Software<br />1. Download and install Disk Drill.<br />It is strongly recommended that you do not use the disk that will be used for the recovery. Installing on that disk can lead to corruption or overwritten files before you get the chance to recover them.<br />2. Launch the application.<br />3. Select the disk or partition where the files were located from the list presented in the application’s window.<br />4. Click the Search for lost data button to initiate Disk Drill’s scanning algorithms. As it processes, you will be presented with a list of the files that can be recovered.recover deleted files in windows 10<br />5. Select the files (photos, music files, videos, documents, etc.) you wish to restore and a new location where you will store them. <br />6. Click the Restore button to restore the file to its original location. <br />Address any naming conflicts by replacing the original file with the restored version, skipping the file, or keeping both for your review.<br /><br />Method 4: Use File History<br />1. Click on the File Explorer icon and open the folder that contained the items that you want to recover.<br />2. Click the Home tab and then the History button.<br />3. Select the files or folder that you wish to restore.<br />4. Navigate through time with the arrows to search for the version you want to recover.<br /><br />Method 5: Use “Restore previous versions” on Windows 10<br />1. Open the Start menu. recover deleted files in Windows 10<br />2. Type &quot;system protection&quot; and hit Enter on your keyboard.<br />3. Choose a hard drive under “Protection Settings” and click &quot;Configure&quot;.<br />4. Select &quot;Turn on system protection&quot; and click “OK”.<br />5. You can now use the “Restore previous versions” feature to restore a file or folder to its previous state.<br /><br />#windows10 #recoverdeletedfiles #datarecovery{% endraw %}
