---
title: "Brand new 5-bedroom home provides the ultimate in luxury family living - Ramsgate - For Sale"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/4iHgVYQ9F9g\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "4iHgVYQ9F9g"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Gavan Property","st george real estate","real estate"]
date: "2022-01-25T13:29:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-25T08:59:27Z"
duration: "PT2M49S"
viewcount: "18"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "GavanProperty"
---
{% raw %}New listing - 16 Dillon Street Ramsgate<br /><br />Contact Michael Luck 0414 250 718 or Anthony Pulvirenti 0466 200 131 for more information.<br /><br />Link: <br /><br />This timeless, double brick family home has been crafted to the highest of standards and sets a new benchmark in Ramsgate for opulent family living. <br /><br />Set over two spacious levels, the well thought out floorplan offers multiple living spaces including a formal lounge, courtyard, study, and a casual family room upstairs. The open plan main living is framed by floor to ceiling glass and boasts a formal dining area, large living room with sandstone fireplace, elegant kitchen with ILVE appliances including double ovens, gas cooktop, integrated fridge / freezer as well as a full butler’s kitchen with abundant storage. The home flows seamlessly through commercial sliding doors to the undercover entertaining area with outdoor kitchen overlooking the in-ground pool and low maintenance landscaped yard. <br /><br />Accommodation includes five large bedrooms all with built in robes - the two masters with walk in robes, ensuites and balconies. Dressed throughout with ornate ceilings, beautiful herringbone flooring and chandeliers, the French provincial inspired home comes complete with ducted air-conditioning, CCTV security system, bespoke joinery, tandem garage and the highest quality fittings and fixtures. <br /><br />Located less than 250m Ramsgate Shops and approximately 1km from Ramsgate Beach, this property will tick all the boxes. <br /><br /><br />Contact Michael Luck 0414 250 718 or Anthony Pulvirenti 0466 200 131 for more information.<br /><br />Link:<br /><br />This timeless, double brick family home has been crafted to the highest of standards and sets a new benchmark in Ramsgate for opulent family living. <br /><br />Set over two spacious levels, the well thought out floorplan offers multiple living spaces including a formal lounge, courtyard, study, and a casual family room upstairs. The open plan main living is framed by floor to ceiling glass and boasts a formal dining area, large living room with sandstone fireplace, elegant kitchen with ILVE appliances including double ovens, gas cooktop, integrated fridge / freezer as well as a full butler’s kitchen with abundant storage. The home flows seamlessly through commercial sliding doors to the undercover entertaining area with outdoor kitchen overlooking the in-ground pool and low maintenance landscaped yard. <br /><br />Accommodation includes five large bedrooms all with built in robes - the two masters with walk in robes, ensuites and balconies. Dressed throughout with ornate ceilings, beautiful herringbone flooring and chandeliers, the French provincial inspired home comes complete with ducted air-conditioning, CCTV security system, bespoke joinery, tandem garage and the highest quality fittings and fixtures. <br /><br />Located less than 250m Ramsgate Shops and approximately 1km from Ramsgate Beach, this property will tick all the boxes. <br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Property for sale Ramsgate <br />Free valuation<br />Market appraisal<br />What's my home worth<br />Appraisal<br />Real estate agent<br />Sold properties<br />Selling agent<br />Property values<br />Free online appraisal<br />Obligation free appraisal<br />Property appraisal<br />Home appraisal<br />House appraisal<br />Unit appraisal<br />Free property appraisal<br />Sell my home<br />Whats my property worth<br />Free property report<br />Real estate agent near me<br />Real estate agent near by<br />Selling agent<br />Auction<br />Find an agent<br />Find a real estate agent<br />Compare agents<br />Local agent finder<br />Local real estate agent<br />Compare real estate agents<br />Luxury residence{% endraw %}
