---
title: "9 Things to Help Heal an Inflamed Colon"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/D5bXSZV0tLo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "D5bXSZV0tLo"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["inflamed colon","inflammatory bowel disease","irritable bowel syndrome"]
date: "2022-03-07T14:46:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-09-05T12:00:06Z"
duration: "PT6M12S"
viewcount: "584032"
likeCount: "17216"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dr. Eric Berg DC"
---
{% raw %}Talk to a Dr. Berg Keto Consultant today and get the help you need on your journey. Call 1-540-299-1556 with your questions about Keto, Intermittent Fasting or the use of Dr. Berg products. Consultants are available Monday through Friday from 8 am to 10 pm EST. Saturday &amp; Sunday from 9 am to 6 pm EST. USA Only.<br /> <br />If you have an inflamed colon, focus on these 9 key things. <br /><br />Timestamps:<br />0:00 Inflamed colon <br />0:15 Remedies for an inflamed colon <br /><br />Today we’re going to talk about a few things you can do to help improve an inflamed colon. Whether you have some type of irritable bowel syndrome, diverticulitis, Crohn’s disease, or celiac, these remedies may be beneficial. <br /><br />9 things to focus on to help heal an inflamed colon:<br /><br />1. Avoid gluten and grains <br />Gluten can tear up the inside part of the lining of the colon. <br /><br />2. Avoid dairy <br />You could have an allergy to casein that creates inflammation. <br /><br />3. Limit vegetables <br />You could have an altered microbiome, which means that your microbes are going to be easily overwhelmed by the fiber in vegetables. This can create a lot of bloating. You may want to do carnivore for a little while if you can digest protein. It’s also important to avoid vegetable oils. <br /><br />4. Don’t consume alcohol and don’t smoke<br />Smoking depletes you of certain nutrients. You can get more inflammation. <br /> <br />5. Chlorophyll  <br />If you’re not consuming vegetables to get chlorophyll, wheatgrass juice powder can be a good source of chlorophyll. Chlorophyll can be very healing to the inside of the colon. <br /><br />6. Intestines with stomach (as a supplement) <br />You may have some type of autoantibodies, and this product could be very beneficial and give you a lot of relief. <br /><br />7. Take purified bile salts <br />If there is some type of inflammation in the colon, you could also have a problem recycling bile salts. This could cause you to become deficient in bile. Bile salts can help keep the junctions of the colon tight, regulate the balance of microbes in the gut, and help keep things flowing through the liver, gallbladder, and intestines. <br /><br />8. Do fasting <br />Do intermittent fasting to some degree and even periodic prolonged fasting. Fasting is one of the best things to stimulate stem cells in the colon to help heal the lining of the intestines. <br /><br />9. Take a good probiotic<br />This could help repopulate the microbes that you have in your colon. <br /><br />Dr. Eric Berg DC Bio:<br />Dr. Berg, age 56, is a chiropractor who specializes in Healthy Ketosis &amp; Intermittent Fasting. He is the author of the best-selling book The Healthy Keto Plan, and is the Director of Dr. Berg Nutritionals. He no longer practices, but focuses on health education through social media.<br /><br />DR. BERG'S SHOP: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/359EGS3">https://bit.ly/359EGS3</a><br /><br />Follow us on FACEBOOK: fb.me/DrEricBerg<br /><br />Send a Message to his team: m.me/DrEricBerg<br /><br />ABOUT DR. BERG: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2GzoZt3">https://bit.ly/2GzoZt3</a><br /><br />Disclaimer:<br />Dr. Eric Berg received his Doctor of Chiropractic degree from Palmer College of Chiropractic in 1988.  His use of “doctor” or “Dr.” in relation to himself solely refers to that degree.  Dr. Berg is a licensed chiropractor in Virginia, California, and Louisiana, but he no longer practices chiropractic in any state and does not see patients so he can focus on educating people as a full time activity, yet he maintains an active license. This video is for general informational purposes only.  It should not be used to self-diagnose and it is not a substitute for a medical exam, cure, treatment, diagnosis, and prescription or recommendation.  It does not create a doctor-patient relationship between Dr. Berg and you.  You should not make any change in your health regimen or diet before first consulting a physician and obtaining a medical exam, diagnosis, and recommendation.  Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition.  <br /><br />Thanks for watching! I hope this helps you better understand how to help heal an inflamed colon.{% endraw %}
