---
title: "Kichi-Asotamatowin: Land & Treaties English as an Additional Language Curriculum for adults"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/YrkxSvlbw8o\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "YrkxSvlbw8o"
categories: "Nonprofits-Activism"
tags: ["Kichi-Asotamatowin:","Treaties","English"]
date: "2022-05-07T01:57:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-28T17:53:38Z"
duration: "PT1H3M3S"
viewcount: "16"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "newcanadianscentre"
---
{% raw %}Presenters: Adrianne Breyfogle, Immigration Partnership Winnipeg, Dina Demburg, Enhanced English Skills for Employment, Diana Ishigaki<br /><br />In response to the Truth and Reconciliation Call to Action #93, Immigration Partnership Winnipeg and its partners are developing a larger project, called the Indigenous Orientation Toolkit (IOTK).  This English as an Additional Language curriculum is one part of that project and its goal is to provide newcomers with information on Indigenous history and culture, customs and beliefs, and contemporary issues faced by Indigenous peoples.<br /><br />The curriculum is intended to assist teachers in introducing newcomers to the foundational history of Indigenous nations and their historical and contemporary contributions to the development of Canada. The exploration is centred on First Nations’ and Metis peoples’ perspectives on land and Treaties. When combined with leadership, teaching, and self exploration, the activities are intended to support personal growth and solidarity, and help newcomers contribute to community reconciliation efforts.<br /><br />Although the curriculum was designed with a Manitoba-specific focus, we hope that it may also prove to be a useful resource for language programs in regions across Turtle Island.<br /><br />Adrianne is the Project Coordinator on the Indigenous Orientation Toolkit and joined the team at Immigration Partnership Winnipeg in August 2021. Adrianne came to IPW after many years in theatre management. The skills she has acquired during her years planning, coordinating, and running theatre events benefits the area of project coordinating greatly. In addition to her project coordinating skills, Adrianne prides herself in her ability to problem solve and connect with others. She has worked with people from all different communities during her time in theatre management. Adrianne has a passion for mental health advocacy and learning, with a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and Native Studies from the University of Manitoba. She herself is Indigenous and to ensure that Adrianne knew about her culture her parents had her attend classes as a child led by Elders that taught Indigenous history, spirituality, arts, and culture. This early learning sparked a life long interest and respect for her roots.<br /><br />Dina Dembury is the Head Teacher for Enhanced English Skills for Employment (EESE). Prior to that role, Dina taught English in Russia, Israel and Canada, developed curriculum for EESE, taught and coordinated the Returning Studies and English at Work programs at EESE. As the Head Teacher, Dina oversees and enables the everyday operations of the school with reference to teachers and students.<br /><br />Diana Ishigaki began her career in the English as an Additional Language field as an instructor in Nagoya, Japan. Upon returning to Canada, she taught in several Language Instruction for Newcomers to Canada (LINC) programs in Winnipeg, before becoming a Portfolio-Base Language Assessment (PBLA) Lead teacher. It was in this role as Lead teacher that Diana gained interest and valuable experience in writing curriculum and classroom materials. Now as an Independent Curriculum Writer, Diana has worked with the Canadian Centre for Language Benchmarks (CCLB), Achev, and most recently, as a reviewer and writer on the Indigenous Orientation Tool Kit (IOTK). <br /><br />This presentation was part of the event &quot;Supporting Language Learners&quot; organised by the Peterborough Immigration Partnership on Feb 25, 2022.{% endraw %}
