---
title: "Q4: Can you discuss EMDR as an orientation as opposed to a technique? - Dr. Andrew M. Leeds Ph.D."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/N5XEfxppav8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "N5XEfxppav8"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Phd. Trauma","Trauma Treatment","PTSD"]
date: "2022-02-15T14:22:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2012-09-06T04:38:48Z"
duration: "PT4M22S"
viewcount: "3007"
likeCount: "16"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "one80center"
---
{% raw %}Dr. Andrew Leeds is talking about the EMDR: Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing. <br /><br />Q4: Can you discuss EMDR as an orientation as opposed to a technique?<br /><br />There are several facets to that, but it's a really good point Steve. I'm glad you bring that up because a lot of people do think of EMDR as a simple technique. They think you just think of this disturbing memory and that's all there is and the rest of the time you're doing regular therapy. Actually EMDR is not a simple technique it is an approach. What makes it an approach is the adaptive information processing model.<br /><br />A way of conceptualizing the difficulties that people have and a way of developing a treatment plan. Without the AIP model EMDR would be a simple technique and wouldn't give you the arching framework for how to think about cases. I'm actually an EMDR therapist even when we're not doing reprocessing. I'm thinking in the AIP model all the time. The adaptive information processing model is rooted in earlier information processing models that go back to the 70s. Only it approaches the idea of emotional information processing differently than other models of therapy.<br /><br />Imaginable exposure also sometimes talks about the need to do cognitive processing because of the limitations of pure exposure therapy. They don't understand emotional information processing the way we do in the EMDR world, through the lens of adaptive information processing model. The AIP gives us an idea of how memories are organized. It gives us an idea of how people omit adaptive behaviors. It isn't that people are bad. It isn't that people want to do bad things. People process reality, they process their experience through the lens of what's stored in their brain and it's stored in maladaptive ways and the way that they perceive the world is going to be maladaptive. If you see someone smile at you, you might think that's a friendly person.<br /><br />Someone else looks at that person and thinks, what are they trying to get out of me? How are they trying to manipulate me? That suspiciousness, the paranoia, responding to innocuous cues in the environment as if there is a trauma that's about to happen. Like combat veterans who hear a loud noise and think that they're under attack. This is what's stored in the brain. Understanding the way that dysfunctional stored material is organized in the brain is informed by the AIP model. So we need the model to be able to conceptualize what's happening with our clients and how to develop treatment plans with the simplest cases. With a single incident trauma you don't need a complicated plan, but those types of cases are relatively rare. Most of the cases that we see are either complex trauma cases or they are cases with co-occurring disorders.<br /><br />With co-occurring disorders the way you're going to organize the treatment plan , the sequence of targets you're going to work with needs to be carefully selected to meet the needs of that person. Without the AIP model I don't know how people would be able to figure that out. You need to understand the model. So in the beginning when clinicians are first trained in EMDR they often don't understand the importance of the model and they are approaching EMDR as just a technique, but when they start having some successes and some treatment failures then they come back for more consultation and they begin to appreciate more and more the need to think within the model in order to be successful with a wider range of clients.<br /><br />For more information, call 888.593.2301 or visit our website : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.one80center.com/">http://www.one80center.com/</a>{% endraw %}
