---
title: "Baby Learning With Ms Rachel - First Words, Songs and Nursery Rhymes for Babies - Toddler Videos"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/hTqtGJwsJVE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "hTqtGJwsJVE"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["ms rachel","songs for littles","mrs rachel"]
date: "2022-03-04T07:17:57+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-02T17:30:10Z"
duration: "PT1H21S"
viewcount: "289783"
likeCount: "1708"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Songs for Littles - Toddler Learning Videos"
---
{% raw %}Have your baby or toddler learn with a real teacher, Ms Rachel! In this video Ms Rachel will teach key milestones and model activities that promote your baby’s brain growth and development. Babies can watch and learn while caregivers also learn the best ways to play, interact and promote learning throughout the day. <br />Ms Rachel is a master at encouraging speech, language development, imaginative play, social emotional development and is always sneaking in important learning concepts! Ms Rachel’s methods and curriculum are backed by experts and research in the early childhood development field.<br /><br />If your child is not meeting milestones, let your pediatrician know and call early intervention for your state. Your child may qualify for free or low cost therapies such as speech therapy, occupational therapy and physical therapy. You can also contact a private speech therapist (speech language pathologist) for an evaluation. It’s best to act early and get your child help as soon as possible. <br /><br />In this video Ms Rachel models: <br /><br />First words such as mama, dada, uh-oh, ball, animal sounds, and car sound effects <br /><br />First sentences such as “What’s that?” “I did it” and “I want toys!” <br /><br />Gestures, which are shown to promote language development (Babies who use more gestures 9-16 months use more verbal language two years later) You can try for 16 gestures by 16 months old. <br /><br />Milestones such as clapping, waving, copying gestures, blow a kiss, point to one or more body parts, shaking head “no,” nodding “yes,” pointing with index finger, hold a toy and shake it, give a high five, quiet sign, smile at people, copy facial expressions like smiling and frowning, find hidden things easily, knows what things are for such as a telephone, brush and spoon. <br /><br />Fun games to play with baby such as Peek-A-Boo, Pat-A-Cake, This Little Piggy, Blowing bubbles, rolling a ball, with baby, stacking blocks, using shape sorters, puzzles and more! <br /><br />Fun songs that promote learning and language such as <br /><br />Wheels on The Bus<br />Peek A Boo Song <br />Open Shut Them <br />If You’re Happy And You Know It Clap Your Hands <br />If You Should Meet An Elephant<br />We’re Waving<br />ABCs (The Alphabet Song)<br />The Itsy Bitsy Spider<br />Walking Walking <br />The More We Get Together <br />London Bridges<br />Row Row Row Your Boat<br />Baby Put Your Pants On<br />The More We Get Together <br />Shake Your Shaker <br />Tick Tock, Tick Tock, I’m A Little Cuckoo Clock <br />Round and Round the Garden <br />Put Your Stuffy on Your Heart <br />Twinkle Twinkle Little Star <br />Icky Sticky Bubble Gum <br />Hop Little Bunnies<br />5 Littles Fishies Swimming in the Sea<br />Hurry Hurry Drive The Fire Truck <br /><br />Bain development tips such as <br /><br />Read, sing and talk to your baby<br />Sing songs with simple gestures <br />Label parts of body with child <br />Give age appropriate toys to explore <br />Talk and play with baby during dressing, feeding, bathing<br />Respond to what baby points to and talk about it <br />Play on floor with baby <br />Narrate your day like a sportscaster <br />Respond to baby’s cries, soothe them <br />Give child lots of hugs and kisses <br />Play with blocks and shape sorters so child uses their hands <br /><br />Nursery Rhymes, Finger Plays and Tickles such as: <br />These Are Babies Fingers<br />The Moon Is Round As Round Can Be <br />Toast In The Toaster<br />How Big Is Baby? So big! <br />Garden Snail and Quick Mouse <br />You Be The Ice Cream <br />Pizza Baby <br />Trot Trot To Boston <br />Aka Backa Soda Cracker <br />5 Little Monkeys Jumping On The Bed <br />A Quiet Little Mouse <br /><br />Visit our “Songs for Littles” YouTube Channel for many more baby learning videos, toddler learning videos, preschool learning videos, educational videos for toddlers, baby sign videos, learning videos for toddlers, Baby Learning Videos for babies to watch, Learn To Talk videos, Talking Time, Talking Toddler, videos for 1 year olds, 2 year olds, baby sensory video, 3 year olds, 4 year olds and 5 year olds! We have the best educational videos for toddlers and learning videos for kids. <br /><br />Teacher Rachel loves you and is so proud of you! <br /><br />#msrachel #songsforlittles #babylearning #babylearningvideos #babyvideos #babyvideosforbabiestowatch #toddlervideos #toddlerlearning #toddlerlearningvideos #babylearningvideos #mrsrachel #missrachel #firstwords{% endraw %}
