---
title: "7 MOST DIFFICULT Interview Questions & ANSWERS! (PASS GUARANTEED!)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Y4omj5IZTMs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Y4omj5IZTMs"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["7 most difficult interview questions","interview questions and answers","What are the most difficult interview questions asked"]
date: "2022-01-20T08:41:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-01-18T14:32:31Z"
duration: "PT11M8S"
viewcount: "579460"
likeCount: "14161"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "CareerVidz"
---
{% raw %}7 MOST DIFFICULT Interview Questions and Answers by Richard McMunn of: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://passmyinterview.com/21-great-answers-to-tough-interview-questions/">https://passmyinterview.com/21-great-answers-to-tough-interview-questions/</a><br />#difficultinterviewquestions #interviews #interviewquestionsandanswers<br /><br />OTHER USEFUL INTERVIEW QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS VIDEOS ON YOUTUBE BY RICHARD MCMUNN:<br />Mock Interview Questions &amp; Answers: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/KCm6JVtoRdo">https://youtu.be/KCm6JVtoRdo</a><br /><br />DIFFICULT INTERVIEW QUESTION #1. Why should we hire you? 00:56<br />TIP 1 – It is essential you show how you can ADD VALUE to their business if they hire you.<br />TIP 2 – Talk about learning the role quickly, helping their business to grow, and being totally focused on continuous improvement and progression.<br /><br />DIFFICULT INTERVIEW QUESTION #2. What is your greatest weakness? 02:34<br />TIP 1 – Do not give a weakness that is a match for the job description.<br />TIP 2 – Instead, give a weakness that shows you are human, but that you are also taking steps to improve upon that weakness.<br /><br />DIFFICULT INTERVIEW QUESTION #3. Tell me something you didn't like about your last job? 03:43<br />TIP 1 – Do not be negative about work colleagues or your boss!<br />TIP 2 – Talk casually about something that perhaps frustrated you about your last job but also mention some positives, too.<br /><br />DIFFICULT INTERVIEW QUESTION #4. How would you deal with conflict with a co-worker? 04:58<br />TIP 1 – Do not say you would leave the conflict for your boss to sort out!<br />TIP 2 – The interviewer wants to hear that you would take steps to resolve the conflict with your co-worker in a mature and amicable manner.<br /><br />DIFFICULT INTERVIEW QUESTION #5. Why did you leave your last job? Why do you want to leave your job? 06:23<br />TIP 1 – Do not mention anything negative that may have occurred in your last job.<br />TIP 2 – Good reasons to give for leaving your last job include a change of working environment, wanting to progress yourself further and seeking to work for a new company that has ambitious plans. <br /><br />DIFFICULT INTERVIEW QUESTION #6. Where do you see yourself in five years? 07:42<br />TIP 1 – Do not mention that you plan to move on anywhere else within the first 5 years are working for them.<br />TIP 2 – Hiring and training staff takes time, energy and money, so it makes perfect sense for the hiring manager to want to employ someone is going to stay working for their company for a lengthy period of time. <br /><br />DIFFICULT INTERVIEW QUESTION #7. Why do you want to work for us? 09:06<br />TIP 1 – It is imperative you mention in your answer that you have conducted some research into their company.<br />TIP 2 – In your answer to this difficult interview question, talk about how you are attracted to their values and their plans for the future. <br /><br />CONNECT WITH RICHARD MCMUNN ON LINKEDIN.COM:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-mcmunn-coach/">https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-mcmunn-coach/</a><br /><br />DOWNLOAD 21 GREAT ANSWERS TO DIFFICULT INTERVIEW QUESTIONS:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://passmyinterview.com/21-great-answers-to-tough-interview-questions/">https://passmyinterview.com/21-great-answers-to-tough-interview-questions/</a>{% endraw %}
