---
title: "EXTREME Chakra Stimulation (ALL Chakras Simultaneously)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/mrINmIaOEec\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "mrINmIaOEec"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["chakras","balance","meditation"]
date: "2022-02-23T16:56:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-01-26T08:32:07Z"
duration: "PT5M35S"
viewcount: "169891"
likeCount: "2316"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Taos Winds Spirit Music"
---
{% raw %}Warning - You have NEVER experienced anything like this. This is an extreme Chakra stimulation! This is ALL Chakra stimulation simultaneously. All Chakra frequencies/soundscapes are layered and all playing at the same time. You WILL feel this from the Root Chakra to the Crown Chakra. Some will hear total chaos, some will hear the music of the spheres. This is extremely powerful and filled with mystical visuals.<br /><br />Taos Winds - Tip Jar (leave a tip if you enjoy my music)<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/RfDreeh1HZw">https://youtu.be/RfDreeh1HZw</a><br /><br />Taos Winds - Music Downloads:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://taoswindsmusic.blogspot.com/p/taos-winds-music-downloads.html">https://taoswindsmusic.blogspot.com/p/taos-winds-music-downloads.html</a><br /><br />I tested this on close friends, and they were extremely moved by the audio. They reported feeling a strong pull and stimulation of ALL Chakras at the same time.<br /><br />You can close your eyes and just experience the sounds for a meditation, or watch/meditate on the visuals for a deep journey into yourself. The audio stimulates all seven Chakras at the same time:<br /><br />Muladhara or Root Chakra, Svadisthana or Sacral Chakra, Manipura or Solar Plexus Chakra, Anahata or Heart Chakra, Vishuddha or Throat Chakra, Ajna or The Brow (Third Eye) Chakra, Sahasrara or Crown Chakra<br /><br />This is very powerful!<br /><br />Awaken the Kundalini, the Serpent, the Goddess within. Clear the negativity from your self and your life with this Chakra tuning music and visuals.<br /><br />The audio frequencies in this video are for meditating and tuning all the Chakras daily.  All seven Chakra in one video for daily meditation, tuning, healing and balancing of all Chakras.<br /><br />Watch or listen to this video in the evening before bedtime, in the morning when you awake, or at any time of the day when you feel the need to relax, recharge or retune your being.<br /><br />We can't all live in the Himalayas, and let's face it, stress is in our lives and there is little time to get in tune with the world around us, the natural world we rush past. There is a solution though, and you are here because you know that solution: tuning and aligning the 7 Chakras, the &quot;spinning wheels of energy.&quot;<br /><br />Balance can return into your otherwise chaotic life. Face it, humans are not supposed to live this way, totally detached from the natural world, shut off from reality. But we can have that contact again, for what are we ourselves if not natural beings? <br />Getting in touch, in tune with your natural self, is within your grasp.<br />We, like all natural things, from the smallest single celled entity, to the universe itself, resonate on a frequency, exist within a frequency. And as with all natural things, different parts of us resonate at slight variations of that frequency.<br /><br />We can get &quot;out of tune&quot; like a musical instrument, and in being out of tune, the world around us can seem resistant, and indeed it is. But in tune, with all our parts harmonizing with the other parts, suddenly the world itself will be in sync with us. Your drive down the freeway will feel different, standing in line, work; everything will feel different. <br /><br />Like the strings of a harp, if they are not in tune, in the proper pitch, they will vibrate like an unbalanced wheel; but tuned, in the proper pitch, the strings will vibrate smoothly, waves touch each other, crossing over each other and back again, like fluid, like water in a stream passing softly over the pebbles it encounters along its path.<br />Chakras are wheels of energy, and they must be balanced. This video will help you find that balance. You can't just balance one, you must balance them all if you are to find synchronicity within yourself and the world around you.<br /><br />Enjoy.<br /><br />Relax, let your body heal... <br /><br />Copyright © 2015 ThirdRoad Publishing{% endraw %}
