---
title: "EU Work Permit: 13 Ways You Can Legally Work in Europe"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_RuqvrSVhFs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_RuqvrSVhFs"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["eu work permit","eea work permit","germany work permit"]
date: "2022-06-10T07:56:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-06-08T16:23:38Z"
duration: "PT10M14S"
viewcount: "1013"
likeCount: "51"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "traveleconomics"
---
{% raw %}EU Work Permit: 13 Ways You Can Legally Work in Europe in the EU (European Union) and EEA (European Economic Area) and EFTA.<br />Book a consultation call: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://calendly.com/traveleconomics/60min">https://calendly.com/traveleconomics/60min</a><br /><br />Contact me: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://checkinprice.com/contact/">https://checkinprice.com/contact/</a><br /><br />Check our other videos: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCINdDQXISgr7KtvmhWJqOBA/videos">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCINdDQXISgr7KtvmhWJqOBA/videos</a><br /><br />00:00 Intro<br /><br />00:25 Finding a job<br /><br />The easiest way to be able to work in the European Union is also the most obvious one. It is by finding a job. The requirements for finding a job in the EU might change from country to country, and also from your current country of citizenship. Some EU countries have partnerships with non-EU countries for employment of non-EU nationals depending on the demand on their job market.<br />In order to successfully land a job in Europe as a non-EU citizen, you need to find a company that is willing to sponsor your work and residence permit. If you manage to do so you will be able to work in Europe for that company in that position.<br /><br />01:25 EU blue card<br /><br />The second option to get a EU work permit is getting the relatively new EU blue card. The EU blue card works similarly to finding a, let’s say, normal job, as you will need to find a company that is willing to hire you. But that’s where the differences start. To qualify for the EU blue card the job needs to have a gross salary which is significantly above the country’s minimum salary, whatever that EU country it is. <br /><br />02:11 Becoming a student<br /><br />Another way to be allowed to work in the European Union is by becoming a student. The advantage of this solution is that if you have funds, you can sponsor your own studies in Europe and you will not have to depend on a single company willing to hire you from abroad.<br />Once you have a residence permit as a student in an EU country, if you are a non-EU citizen you will usually be allowed to work in that country.<br />The disadvantage of this option is that the number of hours you can work per year will be capped. In almost all countries you will not be able to have a full time job in the EU while you are a student, as the main purpose of your stay is to study and you should devote most of your time to that. Being that said, in many cases, as a student, you will have at least some access to the local job market, although in a restricted manner.<br /><br />02:56 Becoming a student (after studies)<br /><br />The next option is also related to studies, and it is one of the most effective and inexpensive ways to access the job market in a European country. <br />It basically works like this. Upon finishing your higher education diploma in the European country of your choice, in many cases, you will have your residence permit extended, usually for a period between 6 months and 2 years, for you to find a job. <br /><br />03:41 Being a family member of an EEA national<br /><br />One of the best options in terms of having unrestricted access to the job market in the European Union is having a family member who is a citizen of the European Union. <br /><br />04:21 Digital Nomad Visa<br /><br />A new option that is popping out in many European countries is the digital nomad visa. The digital nomad visa will allow you to live and work in the country where you hold it, but it will not give you unrestricted access to the job market.<br /><br />04:51 Work Holiday Program <br /><br />Another popular option if you want to work in Europe, especially if you don’t plan to move permanently to the old continent, is the work holiday program.<br /><br />05:43 Freelancer (Self-Employment Visa)<br /><br />The next option is probably my favorite one to access the EU job market. It is getting a residence permit by being self-employed. <br /><br />06:22 Company Director Residence Permit<br /><br />If you want to work on your own but potentially have a bigger structure, including having employees for example, then you should consider our next class of residence permit to access the EU job market, which is the company director residence permit.<br /><br />06:55 Celebrity (People with exceptional skills)<br /><br />Another option, which applies basically to no one watching this video, is the situation in which you have extraordinary skills or relevance in a specific field. <br /><br />07:26 Branch Representative<br /><br />One very little known option to be able to reside and work in Europe is to become a branch representative of a company incorporated abroad.<br /><br />08:00 Golden Visa<br /><br />As we move towards the end of the video, the next option is one you have definitely heard about previously in many videos on the channel, it is the golden visa.<br /><br />08:54 Citizenship by Ancestry<br /><br />The last option I am going to bring in this video is being allowed to access the European job market by getting EU citizenship by ancestry.{% endraw %}
