---
title: "Carl Jung Interview: How To Realize Your True Potential In Life (2022)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/QZTDsNaaTUA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "QZTDsNaaTUA"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Carl Jung","Carl Jung philosophy","Jungian philosophy"]
date: "2022-06-01T03:17:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-31T17:00:15Z"
duration: "PT17M21S"
viewcount: "49"
likeCount: "45"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Woke Wealth"
---
{% raw %}In this video, we will discuss how to realize your true potential in life using Carl Jung's philosophy. He established his own school of psychology known as analytical psychology, and his philosophy is known as &quot;Jungian philosophy.&quot;<br /><br />So, with that in mind, here are 8 ways from Carl Jung to realize your full potential in life -<br /><br />01. Do not allow others to define you.<br /><br />02. Acknowledge your passions<br /><br />03. Focus solely on who you want to be.<br /><br />04. Give up your vices<br /><br />05. Be truthful about your abilities.<br /><br />06. Create strengths out of your weaknesses<br /><br />07. Discover a link to the infinite<br /><br />08. Make time for intense reflections<br /><br />I hope you enjoyed watching the video and that these 8 Carl Jung-inspired ways to realize your full potential in life will add value to your life.<br /><br /><br /><br />Carl Jung is one of the three founders of psychoanalysis, which is a set of psychological theories and methods aimed at releasing repressed emotions and experiences - in other words, making the unconscious conscious. Jung was born in Switzerland in 1875 and died in 1961, leaving a legacy of significant works in psychiatry, anthropology, archaeology, literature, philosophy, psychology, and religious studies. Jung had Freud as a mentor for much of his career, but he eventually left him. This division was painful for Jung, prompting him to establish his own school of psychology, analytical psychology, as a comprehensive system distinct from psychoanalysis. Whereas classical psychoanalysis focuses on the patient's past, because early experiences are crucial in personality development, analytical psychology focuses on the present, on mythology, folklore, and cultural experiences, in order to understand human consciousness. One of the most important ideas of analytical psychology that Jung founded is the process of individuation, which is the process of discovering one's self, which Jung saw as an important task in human development. While he did not develop a systematic philosophy, he is regarded as a sophisticated philosopher, with his school of thought dubbed &quot;Jungian philosophy.&quot; Its ideas can be applied to a wide range of topics in the humanities and social sciences. A significant portion of his work was published after his death, and some of his articles are still unpublished to this day. &quot;Psychology of the Unconscious,&quot; &quot;Man and His Symbols,&quot; &quot;The Archetypes and The Collective Unconscious,&quot; &quot;Modern Man in Search of a Soul,&quot; &quot;The Psychology of the Transference,&quot; &quot;Memories, Dreams, Thoughts,&quot; and &quot;The Relations Between the Ego and the Unconscious&quot; are among his most important books. He was an artist, a craftsman, and even a builder in addition to being a great writer and researcher. His contribution is enormous, and we can learn a lot from his works.{% endraw %}
