---
title: "Warm body temperature: '3 | subliminal - super effective |"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/BrCMEYJjDnE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "BrCMEYJjDnE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["temperature:","subliminal","super"]
date: "2022-02-12T02:04:31+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-28T03:56:33Z"
duration: "PT4M9S"
viewcount: "426"
likeCount: "13"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "ʟᴇx ꜰɪᴄ"
---
{% raw %}At all times your body:<br /><br />remains at the ideal temperature.<br />it stays warm.<br />it is able to stay warm.<br />stay healthy.<br />you stay healthy.<br />remains at the desired temperature.<br />stays warm no matter the weather.<br />it is always warm.<br />stays strong.<br />it stays warm without the need to wear coats.<br />it remains with the elevated temperature without affecting my health.<br />it can withstand high and low temperatures.<br />stays hot at any temperature.<br />can control any temperature.<br />has the desired body temperature.<br />withstands low temperature and stays hot.<br />withstands high temperature and remains normal and healthy.<br /><br />×∎λλλ<br /><br />Everyone notes:<br /><br />Your body temperature warm.<br />Your body warm.<br />Your perfect temperature and they envy me.<br />Your body is warm and they want to be close to me.<br /><br />×∎λλλ<br /><br />Everyone loves:<br /><br />Your divine body temperature.<br />Your body warm.<br /><br />×∎λλλ<br /><br />Everyone loves:<br /><br />Your warm body state.<br />Your desirable warm temperature.<br /><br />×∎λλλ<br /><br />Love your self (extra)<br /><br />You always always:<br /><br />You love every part of you.<br />You love how you talk.<br />You love the way you are.<br />You love you act.<br />You love your personality.<br />You love how you walk.<br />You love exactly everything about yourself.<br />I trust myself<br /><br />×∎λλλ<br /><br />(Super extra + booster)<br /><br />The results of this audio are:<br /><br />Positive<br />rapid<br />notorious<br />insurance<br />desired<br />permanent<br />perfect<br />Embedded in DNA<br />Ultra powerful<br />give us a shot.<br />notable.<br />visible.<br />defined.<br />literal and drastic.<br />shocking.<br />obvious.<br />precise.<br />immediate.<br /><br />. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... . ... ... . . ... . . . ... . ..<br /><br />▪In this and as in all my audios the affirmations are in the present tense + infinitive, first person and with positive terms.<br /><br />▪ The audio contains a mini booster at the end, so you should listen to it in full.<br /><br />▪Listen with headphones for more effective results (you can also listen without headphones) Drink enough recommended water (2 liters a day).<br /><br />▪ Listening THREE TIMES completes the audio per day.<br /><br />▪If you have questions, you can leave them in the comments.<br /><br />▪If the audio has been to your liking and you are confident, you can add it to your playlist. (At the beginning, in the middle, or at the end, even interspersing with the other audios)<br /><br />▪Subliminal audio for female sex.<br /><br />▪ Music link:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/I4MuW3phVak">https://youtu.be/I4MuW3phVak</a><br /><br />☆ Thanks for listening to my audios ☆{% endraw %}
