---
title: "341 Monaco Street, Broadbeach Waters"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Il_nzVFmm6M\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Il_nzVFmm6M"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Monaco","Street,","Broadbeach"]
date: "2022-04-11T09:50:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-11T04:14:28Z"
duration: "PT1M23S"
viewcount: "64"
likeCount: "5"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Kollosche"
---
{% raw %}With its prestigious address, ever-present connection to water and impeccable presentation, there's so much to love about this warm and welcoming home. Wrapped around a centrally-placed pool and anchored just off Main River, these vistas follow you throughout the house where you'll also find interior's that are soothing and neutral. Space is plentiful with two living zones, including an open plan lounge and dining area that offers easy access to the alfresco entertaining terrace. The gourmet kitchen adjoins this social hub, with granite finishes and glossy Formica cabinetry, plus the home hosts four bedrooms, three modern bathrooms and a study. Wake to water views in the master suite where a wall of windows frames this idyllic outlook, complemented by a walk-in robe and an elegant ensuite with freestanding bath.<br /><br />Ready to entertain or enjoy the waterways? Fire up the pizza oven or built-in BBQ on the canal-front covered terrace and soak up epic sunsets or use the poolside patio to gather with guests. Boaties will also appreciate the pontoon and boat ramp, plus the 18.1m waterfrontage that presents on this 754m2 low maintenance block.<br /><br />Property Specifications:<br /><br />- Single level waterfront sanctuary, just off Main River and on a low maintenance 754m2 block;<br />- Impeccably presented, with gleaming timber floors, freshly repainted and fitted with new carpet;<br />- Quantum quartz stone kitchen with island bench and glossy Formica cabinetry;<br />- Open plan living and dining with raked ceiling, opens to the canal-front alfresco terrace;<br />-  Second spacious living area opens directly onto the pool courtyard;<br />-  Master bedroom with wall of windows to frame water views, walk-in robe and an elegant ensuite with freestanding bath;<br />- Three more bedrooms tucked away from the master suite plus a study and two modern bathrooms;<br />- Entertaining deck with built-in BBQ and pizza oven, overlooking the water;<br />- Private, protected tiled pool in the front courtyard with a timber sun deck;<br />- Pontoon, boat ramp, intercom, outdoor shower, ducted air-conditioning;<br />- Triple garage with lockable storeroom.<br /><br />Perfectly positioned in one of the Gold Coast's most prestigious enclaves, it's less than 10 minutes from exclusive schools TSS and St. Hilda's as well close to cafes and restaurants in nearby Isle of Capri and Chevron Island. Beautiful Broadbeach, with its golden beaches, shops, cafes, bars, restaurants, Pacific Fair and Star Casino, is under 5km from your front door or make the most of 42-acre Albert Park, mere footsteps away. Experience its tranquil charm for yourself – arrange an inspection today.<br /><br />Disclaimer: Whilst every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of these particulars, no warranty is given by the vendor or the agent as to their accuracy. Interested parties should not rely on these particulars as representations of fact but must instead satisfy themselves by inspection or otherwise.<br /><br />Disclaimer: It should be noted that this property is being sold by auction, therefore due to real estate legislation in QLD and in accordance with REIQ guidelines a price guide isn't available. The website possibly filtered this property into a price range for functionality purposes. Any estimates on this page are not provided by the agent and should not be taken as a price guide.<br /><br />Contact Eddie Wardale 0408 881 678{% endraw %}
