---
title: "Sleep Immediately with Heavy Rain & Thunder | Relaxing Sounds for Sleep, Insomnia, Study"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_I87KUNtZ5E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_I87KUNtZ5E"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Sleep","Immediately","Heavy"]
date: "2022-01-28T17:22:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-20T18:00:15Z"
duration: "PT9H14S"
viewcount: "96856"
likeCount: "1291"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Relaxing Ambience ASMR"
---
{% raw %}You can watch our Relaxing Videos on our new iPhone app<br /><br />Download it here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://apps.apple.com/app/relaxing-ambience-sleep-sounds/id1604764240">https://apps.apple.com/app/relaxing-ambience-sleep-sounds/id1604764240</a><br /><br />Only $4.90/Month ($58.99/Year)<br />----------------------------------------<br />A relaxing walk through a rainy foggy path. The sounds of rain drops and distant thunder are bound to bring anyone to sleep,<br /><br />Filming Location: South Asia<br /><br />🎥Our Equipment:<br />Sony A6400<br />Zoom H2N Handy Recorder<br /><br />Video Edited with After Effects and Premier Pro<br />Audio enhanced with Adobe Audition<br /><br />🔴YOUTUBE REVIEW TEAM PLEASE READ:🔴<br />With the help of @YouTubeLiaison Matt Koval our channel is re-monetised after we have explained to Matt Koval how we make our videos.<br />On top of that we also got in touch with YouTube Partner Support [7-0994000030814] who after reviewing our channel wrote:<br />&quot;On our last email we discussed that an appeal was sent to our specialists to take a look at your concern wherein your channel was demonetized. A decision has been made regarding that appeal and I've got some good news for you.<br />Based on the review, your channel now follows YouTube's Monetization Policies and has been approved to monetize.&quot;<br /><br />🔴Relaxing Ambience is a team of creative videographers around the world. We do not add commentary throughout our calming nature videos as it can detract from the relaxation experience. <br /><br />We create all of our own content. Videos and Audio are recorded out in the nature. Sometimes we will combine our videos/photos in After Effects to create something different and unique. <br />🎥Here is us showing how we make our videos: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfZ8EfNG4Cw">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfZ8EfNG4Cw</a><br /><br />We edit, mix, &amp; master audio in Adobe Audition &amp; edit video with Adobe After Effects 7 Premier Pro. We currently film with a Sony a6000, Fujifilm X-T2 &amp; X-T3, GoPro Hero 7 Black. We record audio with a Zoom H2N.<br /><br />Each video typically takes at least 24 hours to create. This includes: <br />☑️ Filming video &amp; recording audio on location<br />☑️ Editing the video &amp; audio<br />☑️ Final edit &amp; master<br /><br /><br />🔴DISCLAIMER:<br /><br />Please note that loud sounds can potentially damage your hearing. When playing one of our recordings, if you cannot have a conversation over the sound without raising your voice, the sound may be too loud for your ears. Please do not place speakers right next to a baby’s ears. If you have difficulty hearing or hear ringing in your ears, please immediately discontinue listening to the white noise sounds and consult an audiologist or your physician. <br /><br />The sounds provided by this Youtube channel are for entertainment purposes only and are not a treatment for sleep disorders or tinnitus. If you have significant difficulty sleeping on a regular basis, experience fitful/restless sleep, or feel tired during the day, please consult your physician. <br /><br />All material in this video is original and personally recorded by us.<br />© Relaxing Ambience, 2021. All rights reserved. Any reproduction or republication of all or part of this video/audio is prohibited.{% endraw %}
