---
title: "Russia's 'troll factory' appeared!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/lp3WkvwgI38\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "lp3WkvwgI38"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["russian losses","zelensky","irpin ukraine"]
date: "2022-05-03T00:35:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-01T16:34:49Z"
duration: "PT3M27S"
viewcount: "1882"
likeCount: "67"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Breaking News USA"
---
{% raw %}Russia's 'troll factory' appeared!<br /><br />In Russia's invasion of Ukraine, a struggle continues in the cyber world as well as on the battlefield. Especially the Russian front resorts to manipulation ways with the troll army it has established with a serious investment. This is how a study by the UK illuminated the plan...<br /><br />The UK government has announced that it has reached a striking conclusion in one of its researches on the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Accordingly, St. Russian internet trolls stationed at a former weapons factory in St. Petersburg are targeting world leaders online, and with it, messages of support for Vladimir Putin and Russia's invasion of Ukraine are pumped.<br /><br />Planning to share the results of the research with major online platforms and other governments, UK government operations leaders found that online, ordering trolls to target Western-based media outlets and politicians.<br /><br />It is claimed that the formation, which is touted as the “Troll factory”, is connected with Yevgeny Prigojin. It has been claimed that the Internet Research Agency, also known as the IRA or Glavset, founded by Prigojin, interfered in the 2016 US elections, in which Donald Trump was victorious.<br /><br />Headquarters, St. It is thought to be located in a leased area at the Arsenal Machine-Building Plant, a military equipment and technology manufacturer operating in St. Petersburg. The target of the troll team is British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and European Union High Representative for Foreign and Security Policy Josep Borrell.<br /><br />The leaders of the operation also bring engagement to the organic, real posts made by real social media users, which is consistent with the Kremlin's point of view. The team seems to be able to easily avoid the disinformation-fighting measures of social media platforms.<br /><br />The analysis states that the team that has been created performs a joint activity in social media and in the comment sections of the websites of major media organizations to bring the discussions to their own level, and while doing this, they are in a military seriousness and order. To give an example of these; Distorting and manipulating the results of a poll published in the Western media on whether sanctions against Russia are supported is one such work.<br /><br />Interestingly, it seems that the social media accounts of groups and musicians such as Daft Punk, David Guetta, Tiesto and Rammstein were also targeted by the disinformation operation. The “Troll factory” is expanding its human resources by openly seeking salaried employees, justifying working in support of the “special military operation” in Ukraine as a patriotic activity.<br /><br />British Foreign Secretary Liz Truss states, “We cannot allow the Kremlin and its behind-the-scenes troll farms to invade our online spaces with their lies about Putin's illegal war,” and continues her harsh statement:<br /><br />“The UK government has warned its international partners about this. The government will continue to work closely with allies and media platforms to undermine Russian IT operations.”<br /><br />While the Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not share the people and institutions that carried out the research for security reasons, Culture Minister Nadine Dorries said:<br /><br />“These are insidious attempts by Putin and his propaganda machine to deceive the world about the atrocities inflicted on the Ukrainian people. This evidence will help us detect and remove Russian disinformation more effectively and support our determined action to prevent anyone from doing business with Kremlin-controlled publishing companies.”{% endraw %}
