---
title: "Vehicle Storage: Storing Your Vehicle at Extra Space Storage"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Z73iM57plsA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Z73iM57plsA"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["small vehicle storage","what size storage unit do I need for my motorcycle","what unit is best for my small vehicle"]
date: "2022-02-01T20:43:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-01-14T23:12:39Z"
duration: "PT2M20S"
viewcount: "4812"
likeCount: "6"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Extra Space Storage"
---
{% raw %}At Extra Space Storage, we offer an incredible variety of vehicle storage options. With solutions for small vehicles like motorcycles and cars all the way up to larger vehicles like boats and RVs, we have the vehicle storage you’re looking for.<br /><br />Our vehicle storage solutions include three different types of storage:<br /><br />• Indoor<br />• Outdoor<br />• Covered<br /><br />Indoor vehicle storage is similar to a one-car garage, offering an enclosed, drive-up unit. Cars, motorcycles, and even some smaller boats and RVs can fit into these storage units. We also offer larger indoor units specifically designed for larger vehicles at certain locations.<br /><br />Outdoor vehicle storage can accommodate almost any vehicle. Outdoor storage is great for cars, RVs, and much more! If your vehicle is too large to fit in a drive-up storage unit, outdoor storage parking is a convenient option that can handle even the largest motorhomes or boats.<br /><br />Covered vehicle storage is a popular option for boat and RV storage. Covered self storage can accommodate large vehicles and provides some protection from the weather.<br /><br />Extra Space Storage can accommodate vehicles of all types. Some vehicles commonly stored at our locations included:<br /><br />• cars<br />• boats<br />• RVs<br />• motorcycles<br />• And more!<br /><br />With storage options designed to match your unique needs, Extra Space Storage is the perfect vehicle storage solution. Learn more about vehicle storage today: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.extraspace.com/self-storage/vehicle-storage/">https://www.extraspace.com/self-storage/vehicle-storage/</a><br /><br />Transcript:<br />00:01 Extra Space Storage offers three types of vehicle storage: indoor/outdoor and cupboard spaces with different sizes and levels of protection. <br />00:13 Each option has its advantages. <br />00:15 Indoor vehicle storage, similar to a garage, offers drive up access to store cars, trucks, motorbikes, and even smaller travel trailers and motorhomes. <br />00:26 Simply pull your vehicle into the unit, close and lock the door, and you have a storage space that helps provide protection from the elements. <br />00:35 If your vehicle is too large to fit in our indoor units, an outdoor storage option - which is essentially a large uncovered parking space - is a great alternative for larger motorhomes, boats, travel trailers, and even commercial trucks and vans. <br />00:48 Covered vehicle storage is a good in-between solution, giving you an outdoor parking space with the protection of a covered roof. <br />00:56 This helps protect your boat or vehicle from sun exposure, snow and rain. <br />01:02 This option is usually the most popular option for RVs and boats. <br />01:04 Need to store your recreational vehicle? <br />01:06 Whether you have a Motorhome, 5th wheel, travel trailer, or pop-up camper, Extra Space Storage has indoor/outdoor and covered storage options. <br />01:18 Our self-storage facilities offer an easily accessible and secure option for winter storage or even year-round storage need. <br />01:28 From fishing boats and small pontoons to larger wakeboard boats, our variety of indoor/outdoor and covered storage spaces can handle practically any size of boat. <br />01:38 Looking to store a motorcycle ATV, jet ski, or snowmobile, Extra Space Storage offers convenient options. <br />01:48 With indoor drive up storage units, outdoor parking spaces and covered parking, there's an option for every need and budget. <br />01:56 If you plan to store a vehicle at our Extra Space Storage facility, you need to be prepared take a look at our general vehicle storage guidelines that apply to many, but not all, of our storage facilities. <br />02:07 Always be sure to refer to your rental agreement for complete details. <br />02:11 For more information visit extraspace.com or call us at 888-storage.{% endraw %}
