---
title: "On Any Sunday 1971"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/4H9xfKW0zJE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "4H9xfKW0zJE"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["ON ANY SUNDAY","MOTO D'EPOCA","MOTORRCYCLE"]
date: "2022-02-04T21:18:27+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-02-23T16:07:36Z"
duration: "PT1H28M40S"
viewcount: "30255"
likeCount: "363"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "NSC Youtube"
---
{% raw %}On Any Sunday 1971“On any Sunday”, il film sulle leggende del motociclismo USA<br />MotoCult: On any sunday, film del 71 prodotto da Steve McQueen con le leggende del dirt track e dell’off road americane degli anni ’60<br />“On any sunday“, il docufilm sulle leggende del motociclismo USA di fine anni ’60 e inizio ’70: 1971. il regista (e grande biker) statunitense Bruce Brown gira un documento unico nel suo genere, che vede protagonisti il grande Steve McQueen (finanziatore della pellicola), il campione di dirt track Mert Lawwill e il mito dell’off road Malcolm Smith, che in quegli anni scrisse pagine epiche in sella all’Husqvarna.<br />Tempi eroici, dove si partecipava a una gara in salita in jeans e maglione e che rispecchia alla perfezione il motto di Steve McQueen “Riding is life”. Secondo il regista Bruce Brown: “Penso che molta gente abbia cambiato idea sul motociclismo dopo aver visto il film. Mert Lawwill mi disse che era considerato la pecora nera della famiglia, siccome era un pilota professionista, ma quando sua nonna andò al cinema a vedere il film, durante una sequenza di gara balzò in piedi e urlò -Quello è mio nipote!-. Da quel momento divenne l’eroe della famiglia“.<br />Oltre ai personaggi, “On any sunday”, presenta un panorama unico sulle moto dell’epoca: Triumph, Husqvarna, Harley Davidson, Honda, Yamaha e molti altri modelli che hanno fatto la storia. In sei parole: da vedere, da vedere, da vedere.<br />Se vuoi aggiornamenti su MotoCult: &quot;On any Sunday&quot;, il film sulle leggende del motociclismo USA<br />On Any Sunday is a 1971 American documentary film about motorcycle sport, directed by Bruce Brown. It was nominated for a 1972 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. Brown tried to show the unique talents needed for the different forms of racing. For instance, the motocross riders were typically free-spirited types, while desert racers were often loners. In Grand National racing, Brown showed widely differing personalities, such as the business-like approach to racing displayed by Mert Lawwill versus the carefree approach that David Aldana became known for.<br />In addition to Lawwill, Steve McQueen is featured in the film, along with Malcolm Smith and many other motorcycle racers from the late 1960s and early 1970s.<br />Motorcycle brands featured in the film include Triumph, Montesa, Husqvarna, Harley Davidson, Honda, Yamaha, Suzuki, BSA, CZ, Bultaco, and Hodaka.<br />The film was financially backed, in part, by McQueen through his &quot;Solar Productions company&quot;, which received credit in the final seconds of the film. Some of the more dramatic shots were extreme closeup slow-motion segments of the Grand National races. From his surfing movie days, Brown was used to working with super telephoto lenses. The budget didn't allow the expense of high-speed cameras, so Brown improvised by using 24-volt batteries in the 12-volt film cameras. The result was a makeshift high-speed camera. Brown also used a helmet camera on some of the riders, which had not been widely attempted previously due to the bulk of film cameras of the day.<br />On Any Sunday is often credited as the best and/or most important motorcycle documentary ever made.&quot; Roger Ebert says it &quot;does for motorcycle racing what The Endless Summer did for surfing&quot;. Ebert praises the film's high level of artistry in accomplishing the impressive footage of motorcycle races (which he says are difficult to film), and he also credits the film for not bothering viewers with the technical details of how the filming was done.<br />Impact<br />During the opening sequence, children are seen riding their bicycles on a dirt track, in imitation of motorcyclists. Thanks to this scene, On Any Sunday is thought to have popularized BMX biking across America; previously it had only been observed in Southern California. Brown himself also believed the film changed public perception of motorcycle racers as &quot;bad guys&quot; (as depicted in popular films like The Wild One) to popular heroes.<br />Malcolm Smith credits his appearance in On Any Sunday with giving him the worldwide recognition that enabled him to become a leading entrepreneur in the off-road motorcycling business.{% endraw %}
