---
title: "🔴 LIVE - UWTSD Swansea Graduation 2022 - Ceremony 6"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/bFZEFvYAB04\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "bFZEFvYAB04"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["UWTSD","UWTSD graduation","uwtsd graduation 2022"]
date: "2022-03-30T05:15:50+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-29T18:58:15Z"
duration: "PT1H23M40S"
viewcount: "624"
likeCount: "8"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "trinitysaintdavid"
---
{% raw %}Welcome to the University of Wales Trinity Saint David (UWTSD) Swansea graduation. This is the sixth and final ceremony. We hope that you will enjoy what we consider to be the highlight of the University’s calendar.<br /><br />This is a time of celebration, to acknowledge our students’ achievements and to thank all those who have supported them. Graduation provides the opportunity for family and friends to share in the celebrations and for their significant contribution to the success of those graduating to be recognised.<br /><br />➤ Schedule<br />CEREMONY 1 - Monday, 28 March 2022 at 10am <br />CEREMONY 2 - Monday, 28 March 2022 at 2.15pm<br />CEREMONY 3 - Monday, 28 March 2022 at 6.30pm<br /><br />CEREMONY 4 - Tuesday, 29 March 2022 at 10am<br />CEREMONY 5 - Tuesday, 29 March 2022 at 2.15pm<br />CEREMONY 6 - Tuesday, 29 March 2022 at 6.30pm<br /><br />➤ SUBSCRIBE to the UWTSD channel to be notified of every Ceremony:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3NecAIS">https://bit.ly/3NecAIS</a><br /><br />➤ About the University of Wales Trinity Saint David (UWTSD)<br /><br />The University of Wales Trinity Saint David (UWTSD) is the oldest Royal Chartered University in Wales and is proud to have as its Patron His Royal Highness, the Prince of Wales. We are part of the UWTSD Group, which includes Coleg Sir Gâr and Coleg Ceredigion as constituent colleges as well as the University of Wales.<br /><br />The UWTSD Group is comprised of universities and colleges committed to educating students of all ages and backgrounds and stimulating economic development in our region. Such benefits will be achieved through teaching programmes, innovative research and strategic partnerships.<br /><br />The UWTSD Group is radically different to any other strategic alliance infrastructure established and is transforming service delivery in Wales. It has a distinctive approach to the provision of further and higher education building upon the historic traditions associated with the founding institutions of student-centred, reflective learning, vocational and professional practice.<br /><br />With campuses across South and Mid Wales and an Institute for Inner City Learning supporting lifelong learning across the UK, UWTSD is renowned for applied learning and skills training supported by innovation, enterprise, creativity, and a commitment to sustainability. Through its learning centres, collaborative partnerships, and academic activity, the University’s networks extend across the UK and internationally ensuring that it brings the best of the world to Wales and that takes the best of Wales to the world. The UWTSD Group places the learner at the heart of its mission. Our aim is to inspire individuals and develop reflective graduates and practitioners who can make a difference in society.<br /><br />Through work-based learning, research of international excellence and knowledge transfer networks, we will play a pivotal role in the promotion of social justice, economic renewal and the development of social and cultural capital.In 2022, UWTSD celebrates the bicentenary of higher education in Wales when the foundation stone was laid for St David’s College Lampeter on 12 August 1822. In marking the Bicentenary, the University also celebrates the contribution of all campuses. Over the past two centuries the University has evolved, transforming its academic offering to respond to the needs of our communities.<br /><br />The Swansea campus boasts the first School of Art in Wales established in 1853 as well as the first teacher training college for women established in 1872. We have a proud history of working with employers and local communities at grass roots levels to make a difference.Established by Royal Charter in 1893, the University of Wales has been regarded as a national institution which has been at the heart of Welsh educational and cultural life.<br /><br />➤ Visit: www.uwtsd.ac.uk<br /><br />#UWTSD #UWTSDgraduation{% endraw %}
