---
title: "The Eye Cream That Burnt A Hole Through Peoples Skin?! Eye Cream Lawsuit - When Beauty Turns Ugly"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/4Zf37vaNFK0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "4Zf37vaNFK0"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["james welsh","how to","skin care routine"]
date: "2022-03-01T09:09:04+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-27T17:00:02Z"
duration: "PT30M49S"
viewcount: "83233"
likeCount: "5054"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "James Welsh"
---
{% raw %}✖ Instagram - @james_s_welsh<br />✖ Twitter - @james_s_welsh<br /><br />The Double Cleanse Podcast - Spotify - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://open.spotify.com/show/50qINiCRnshb7WqPuiRV21">https://open.spotify.com/show/50qINiCRnshb7WqPuiRV21</a><br /><br />FDA approved and banned pigments list:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.fda.gov/cosmetics/cosmetic-ingredient-names/color-additives-permitted-use-cosmetics">https://www.fda.gov/cosmetics/cosmetic-ingredient-names/color-additives-permitted-use-cosmetics</a><br /><br />March 2017 - <br />Rolando Grullon of New York walked into his local Sephora and purchased the, now discontinued,  Peter Thomas Roth Laser Free Eye Serum. <br />An eye cream that promised to dramatically reduce the signs of aging around the eyes in just 4 weeks of use.<br />However, only after 3 uses of this eye cream, Rolando started to notice red bumps and even a hole in his skin.<br /><br />MAY 30TH, 2019 - <br />Huda Beauty launch their Neon Obsessions Palettes. These 3 palettes served as a neon take on the popular HB Obsessions.<br />Shortly after this product launch, however, a now-deleted TikTok video from a 17-year-old who goes by the name Zarina on TikTok went viral, leading to some questions surrounding Huda Beauty’s latest launch and if this product can even legally be sold. <br /><br />00:00 Intro <br />01:23 Lawsuit 1<br />01:30 Are Eye Creams a Scam?<br />02:38 COSRX Advanced Snail Peptide Eye Cream &amp; Dieux Skin Forever Eye Mask<br />03:22 Peter Thomas Roth Eye Cream Lawsuit <br />03:25 History Of Peter Thomas Roth <br />04:43 PTR Lawsuit Begins<br />06:45 The Attorney<br />06:50 What The Plaintiff Claims Happened <br />08:35 What A Cosmetic Chemist Says  <br />13:00 The Defendants Reply <br />14:07 Moody Color Contact Lenses<br />15:14 Lawsuit 2<br />15:24 Huda Beauty Neon Obsession Palette Scandal<br />16:10 The Tiktok Video That Started It All<br />19:44 Huda Lawsuit Begins <br />20:12 The Evidence <br />25:16 B-duck Eye Wash Water Clean Soothes Vision Care<br />25:56 The Terrible Defendant Statement <br />27:46 The Settlement<br />30:23 Outro <br /><br /><br />PRODUCTS IN THIS VIDEO (*= affiliate link)<br /><br />COSRX Advanced Snail Peptide Eye Cream<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3thcOpz">https://bit.ly/3thcOpz</a><br /><br />Dieux Skin Forever Eye Mask<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3HnNjHZ">https://bit.ly/3HnNjHZ</a><br /><br />Moody Lenses<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3hjdqVW">https://bit.ly/3hjdqVW</a><br /><br />B-duck Eye Wash Water <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/35rsT3z">https://bit.ly/35rsT3z</a><br /><br /><br />Present - Gifted Item (Product was sent to me as a gift, no money has been exchanged and there is no obligation to feature product(s) on social platforms)<br /><br />AD Megaphone - Sponsored item (Brand has paid me money and I have signed a contract for the item to appear in the video. This may be a quick feature or a whole dedicated product) <br /><br />Chain Link - Sponsored Affiliate Link (The video has been sponsored and an affiliate link to the sponsored product is a requirement in the video. The link used for the sponsored item is tracked by the brand and I make a small percentage of that sale)<br /><br />Dollar Bill - Bought with my own money (Product was paid for with my own money and I have no attachment to the brand in the particular video) <br /><br />Any link to a product may be an affiliate link. Please know that products featured in my videos are never chosen with 'selling' or making a profit in mind. However, I do make a very small commission from any purchases made through my affiliate links, so if you'd like to support my channel, you can shop via these links! <br /><br /><br />✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖<br />For more videos about Korean skincare, k-beauty, hair tips and tutorials, skincare routines,  products trials, Hauls, reviews, and lifestyle, then be sure to subscribe, and don’t forget to leave your questions down below!<br />✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ <br />Remember that skincare is extremely personal to everybody's skin. What works for me, may not work for you. But I hope my videos give you some good ideas for products, techniques, and Ingredients to try.<br />Also, I'm obviously not a dermatologist or a doctor, so all opinions on products and anything else I'm presenting, are results and findings from my own experience and research. <br />And that's why I'm here, to share my research and my findings that go further than what is said on the bottle or google!<br />But, everything I present is always a discussion for you to join in with :) <br />If you have any serious skin concerns, please see a dermatologist/doctor. <br />✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ <br />Ad Disclaimer: The opinions expressed in my videos are all my own honest feelings. I will only work with brands and products that I truly love and use.  Working with brands allows me to invest in my channel and create better quality videos for you guys :){% endraw %}
