---
title: "How to Improve Focus and Concentration - Stop Procrastination | Brian Tracy, Jim Rohn, Les Brown"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/IbmFHrtSueg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "IbmFHrtSueg"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Jim Rohn","Personal Development","Jim Rohn personal development"]
date: "2022-04-13T10:21:31+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-09T10:00:10Z"
duration: "PT19M1S"
viewcount: "37852"
likeCount: "1063"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Motivational Stories"
---
{% raw %}The power of focus can lead you to success. With focus, you can make a concentrated effort on achieving your goals. Improving one's focus, however, takes time and patience. You start by just one step and improve along the way. In this motivational compilation, multiple speakers share their thought on how you can improve focus and productivity and overcome procrastination in doing so. <br /><br />00:00 Brian Tracy <br />05:30 Jim Rohn<br />09:56 Les Brown<br />11:57 Brian Tracy<br />15:58 Denis Waitley<br /><br />Brian Tracy: <br />        Brian Tracy talks about the 20-80 rule in order to focus on the most productive use of time. This way you don't waste time on the fun and easy but rather concentrate on the most important task at hand. When you begin to do things like this, you can easily overcome procrastination and get things done fast as you will develop the habit to take on your daily tasks one by one. <br /><br />Jim Rohn: <br />       Jim Rohn identifies three things that are of utmost importance for any of goals. The first of these is to make a decision on things that you want in life. Then you have to make a plan to in order to achieve your plans. List all the things you would have to do in order to achieve your daily goals and then finally act. Inspiration from decisions and plans can only last so long, so make sure that you act on that action plan. <br /><br />Les Brown: <br />       Sometimes, you know what you want, you may even have an action plan, but you do noting. You can't act on it. Why is that? Brian Tracy explains later the why of procrastination.<br /><br />Brian Tracy: <br />        When you identify you goals, you may get overwhelmed by the things you need to do to reach there with the result being you putting things on hold indefinitely. Brain Tracy says that in order to get started you have write down everything in form of a list and then break down tasks into smaller steps and finally, just start by one task and then grow from there.<br /><br /> Denis Waitley:<br />        If you still can't get started then act on Denis Waitley's advice: Don't do it alone, find a partner who can hold you accountable to your commitments. <br /><br />Subscribe to our channel using this link for a constant flow of instructional and motivational videos from great speakers like Jim Rohn : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/MotivationalStories2020?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/c/MotivationalStories2020?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />#MotivationalStories #JimRohn <br /><br />FAIR-USE COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER<br />* Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.<br />1) This video has no negative impact on the original works<br />2) This video is also for teaching purposes.<br />3) It is transformative in nature.{% endraw %}
