---
title: "Extensive Tali-ban operation in Panjshir province to destroy Afghan Resistance Forces"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1a46DINBEvE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1a46DINBEvE"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Breaking News","Simplified Info","Afghanistan"]
date: "2022-06-06T10:23:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-06-05T19:58:38Z"
duration: "PT3M44S"
viewcount: "544"
likeCount: "35"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Simplified Info"
---
{% raw %}Subscribe to our YouTube channel to see more videos about important world events as well as access to useful content.<br />---<br />Afghanistan News:<br /><br />Resistance forces inflicted casualties on the Taliban, The Taliban brutally beheaded prisoners in Panjshir. Infighting between the Taliban, Mullah Yaqub defense minister of Taliban in Bamyan.<br /><br />The Taliban turn educational facilities into terrorist centers, attack of Freedom Front on Taliban prison, NRF, Taliabn, Intense clashes in Panjshir and Nahrin Baghlan.<br />Afghanistan under Taliban rule is terrible. Taliban suppress women, Taliban oppress women.<br />Panjshir and Andarab became Taliban cemeteries.<br />Taliban's filthiness about the schools of young girls, this is filth, filthiness.<br />Video of  NRF guerillas in Panjshir to hunt Taliban<br /><br />The UN reporter announced Taliban’s crimes and failure , NRF Panjshir, Baghlan, Andarab, Taliban war crime, Taliban restrictions on women, The UN Special Rapporteur on Afghanistan Richard Bennett<br />Women protesting the Taliban's forced hijab. We do not accept the obligatory hijab.<br />The women's movement for justice and freedom protested against the Taliban's new directive on the &quot;imposed hijab&quot;. &quot;We do not accept the Taliban's compulsory hijab,&quot; they say. <br />Resistance front forces ambushed the Taliban in Takhar Province.<br /><br />Local sources in Takhar province say fighting between Taliban forces and the National Resistance Front in the Versaj district of the province has resumed.<br /><br />The clash is said to have taken place after Taliban forces entered the Imand Valley of ​​Versaj district.<br /><br />Sources say that 12 Taliban fighters were killed and three others were wounded in the clashes last night. According to the source, four Taliban military vehicles were also destroyed in the ambush.<br />Local Taliban officials in Takhar have not yet commented.<br /><br /><br /><br />The latest report of the Taliban clash with the Resistance Front in Panjshir and the Taliban are under heavy attack of two resistance front forces.<br />Heavy Taliban casualties as Taliban warfare and helicopters spread across the skies.<br />Reactions to the Taliban's compulsory hijab.<br />And new sanctions against national traitor Fugitive Hamdullah Mohib and Fugitive Ashraf Ghani Farari.<br /><br />NRF Battle of Panjshir, Dara District and Abshar District, Battle of Takhar<br />Occupation of Versaj district of Takhar by the Resistance Front.<br />55 Taliban and Taliban commanders killed and wounded in Panjshir and Versaj, Takhar.<br />Heavy clashes in Panjshir Abshar and Dara districts and the destruction of two Taliban military vehicles.<br />Taliban was targeted by unmanned aerial vehicle drone strike in Ghazni.<br /><br /><br /><br />Three districts were liberated in one day. Dara and Abshar Districts of Panjshir province were finally captured by the Resistance Front forces and liberated a few hours ago. Fierce clashes in Andarab districts and Kabul, Jabal Saraj Parwan.<br /><br />According to Hasht Sobh, local sources in Panjshir province say that the buildings of Abdullah Khel and Abshar districts of Panjshir province have been taken over by the forces of the National Resistance Front.<br /><br />According to sources, the buildings of Abdullah Khel and Abshard districts were captured by the Resistance Front forces after several hours of clashes between the forces of the National Resistance Front and the Taliban at around 10:00 on Friday night, May 6, 2022.<br />Heavy clashes break out in four other districts of Takhar.<br />Ten more villages captured by National Resistance Front forces in Takhar Province.<br /> Local sources in Takhar province say National Resistance Front forces have captured ten villages in the province. The sources say that the newly captured villages of the National Resistance Front belong to the Versaj district of the province.<br /><br />NRF, Taliban, Turkey, Qatar, Clashes, Taliban, Iran.<br /><br />#Simplified_Info<br />#Afghanistan_News<br />#NRF<br />#Kabul<br />#Hamdullah_Mohib<br />#Girls_School<br />#Women_Education<br />#Girl_Education<br />#Ahmad_Massoud<br />#Resistance<br />#Pakistan_Taliban<br />#Pakistan<br />#National_Resistance_Front<br />tank destroyed<br />#Ambush<br />#Guerilla<br />#Fighter<br />#Freedom_Fighter<br />#Fugitive_Ashraf_Ghani<br />#Taliban<br />#Taliban_News<br />#Afghan<br />#Hijab_Taliban<br />#Burka_Taliban<br />#Taliban_atrocity<br />#FreeAfghanistan<br />#Afghanistan_News<br />#Sibghatullah_Ahmadi<br />#Panjshir<br />#Parwan<br />#Kapisa<br />#Takhar<br />#Badakhshan<br />#Herat<br />#Faryab<br />#Jawzjan<br />#Baghlan<br />#Andarab<br />#Northern_Alliance<br />Qatar and Pakistan support Taliban.<br />Taliban oppress Afghan men and women.<br />#Dostum<br />#Marshal<br />#Ismail_Khan<br />#Saleh<br />#Ata<br />#Saifi<br />#Hamed_Seifi<br />#Khalid_Amiri<br />#Registani<br />#Akmal<br />#Hassib<br />Breaking_News<br />#News_Update<br />#خبر_تازه<br />#خبرتازه<br />#خبر<br />#خبر_افغانستان<br />#جبهه_مقاومت<br />#خبر_افغانستان_ایران_پاکستان<br />#Today_News_in_Afghanistan<br />#Amrullah<br />#Massoud<br />#Masood<br />#Masud<br />#Ukraine<br />#Russia<br />#Ukraine_Russia{% endraw %}
