---
title: "Preventive Measure From Omicron For Students"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/5xjBz-krQHA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "5xjBz-krQHA"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["omicron","omicron variant","preventive measure"]
date: "2022-01-28T23:24:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-17T20:50:55Z"
duration: "PT7M29S"
viewcount: "13"
likeCount: "1"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "fleetroot"
---
{% raw %}Preventive Measure From Omicron For Students<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3HJAcBC">https://bit.ly/3HJAcBC</a><br /><br />Recently, Omicron has affected a lot of people and especially school students. In this video, we talk about means that can be taken to prevent the spread of Omicron among students.<br /><br />The schools have recently restarted after 2 years of online classes and before reopening, there are a few measures that everyone should take to stop the spread of Omicron.<br /><br />School administrators, teachers, and staff play a key role in planning and executing these safety measures for being safe from omicron. With the proper preventive measure, schools can run smoothly.<br /><br />The first preventive measure against omicron is to maintain physical distance. Establish rules (preventive measures) on school premises according to the guidelines of the Health Ministry.<br /><br />One should maintain a distance of 1 meter to prevent the spread of Omicron. In order to follow this preventive measure and safety protocol, it is advised to conduct classes outdoors whenever possible.<br /><br />Creating a list of “dos and don’ts” along with students will be most beneficial, as it guides students to maintain the preventive measure against the Omicron.<br /><br />The preventive measure of physical distance can be maintained by creating a list of guidelines about daily greetings, desk arrangements, distancing rules, common-activity guidelines e.g. break, lunchtime rules.<br /><br />The second preventive measure against Omicron is by maintaining hand hygiene and health.<br />Hand washing is one of the most effective ways of preventing the spread of infection of Omicron.<br /><br />Teach students to regularly wash their hands / apply hand sanitizers as a part of preventive measures against Omicron. schools must provide convenient hand washing/sanitizing stations at several locations (e.g. exits, entrances), near toilets, cafeterias (etc.) to follow the protocol of preventive measures against Omicron.<br /><br />The third preventive measure against Omicron is to sanitize, disinfect, and clean. Everyday surfaces that are regularly touched during school, must be cleaned at regular intervals to avoid getting in contact with infection of Omicron.<br /><br />There should be a protocol to follow, if anyone falls sick, as they might be infected with Omicron.<br />Preventive measures against Omicron must be immediately taken if someone shows symptoms of Omicron.<br /><br />There should be an isolation area in school for those showing symptoms of Omicron. Preventive measures against Omicron is to isolate the student till their family comes to pick them up.<br /><br />As students start returning to schools, adequate measures for classroom safety and for a safe commute must be maintained with utmost discipline. <br /><br />#Omicron #schoolbustracking #preventivemeasures{% endraw %}
