---
title: "Chemo Patients Ring Cancer Survivor Bell [Pt. 24]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/BbhUVpTkw2Q\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "BbhUVpTkw2Q"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["good people","emotional","try not to cry"]
date: "2022-02-02T10:02:29+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-07-28T17:30:04Z"
duration: "PT10M35S"
viewcount: "29686"
likeCount: "645"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Will Be OK"
---
{% raw %}We have compiled emotional videos for you. We hope we do not lose our faith in humanity as humans. Thanks for watching ... <br /><br />SUPPORT US TO HELP PEOPLE AND ANİMALS BY DONATING…<br />Paypal: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.paypal.com/donate?hosted_button_id=L693X6GUAVZ9J">https://www.paypal.com/donate?hosted_button_id=L693X6GUAVZ9J</a><br /><br />00:06 - In late 2015, Daisy Anguiano Miranda was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare form of bone cancer. She finished radiation in March, followed by chemotherapy in September. To celebrate, 9-year-old Daisy rang the CANCER BE GONG at Nebraska Medicine, surrounded by her family, friends and medical team.<br /><br />00:51 - 19-year-old Matt Driscoll cried tears of joy as he rang the bell following 3.5 years of chemotherapy.<br /><br />01.38 - 17-year-old patient beats cancer, celebrates with the ringing of the bell.<br /><br />02:25 - Cheerful and outgoing, Nhu Fenske couldn't help but burst into tears when she finally &quot;rang&quot; in the end of her radiation treatment at MD Anderson's Katy Regional Care Center.<br /><br />03:02 - When 6-year-old John Oliver finished chemo treatment for leukemia, he returned to school to a standing ovation from his classmates.<br /><br />06:29 - It was an emotional day but on June1, 2017, Sheilah Belle finished all of her cancer treatments. In tradition The Belle was invited to ring the bell to signify this Monumental moment. <br /><br />07:52 -Audrina Hatton-Wright, four, has been through 14 rounds of radiotherapy for a rare and aggressive cancer. She rang the 'cancer free' bell at Nottingham Radiotherapy Centre. Dressed as a stormtrooper, she was cheered on by hospital staff waving lightsabers. Audrina, of Derby, was diagnosed with high risk neuroblastoma - a rare childhood cancer with one of the lowest survival rates - in July 2018.<br /><br />09.01 - Liam ringing the end of cancer treatment bell.<br /><br />09:41 - This is Oscar ringing the end of treatment bell. Ringing the bell is a milestone. It means that a child has finished their course of chemotherapy or radiotherapy treatment and is ready to continue their life.<br /><br />Follow Us:<br />       instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/willokbe/">https://www.instagram.com/willokbe/</a><br /><br />Hello to good people (Goodbye to bad people) …<br />Our channel does not earn any income from the videos. Our channel spends the donations made on people and animals in need. You can support us by donating to our account and subscribing to our channel. Keep watching our videos on emotional, kindness, random goodness, good people, try not to cry. Stay with LOVE ...<br /><br />If the videos used belong to you and you want them removed, please contact us. We will gladly remove it. For copyright matters please contact us at: willbeokofficial@gmail.com{% endraw %}
