---
title: "This Startup Is About To Revolutionize Hydrogen Storage For EVs!!!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RIb4d393AaI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RIb4d393AaI"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["tesla","elon musk","tesla news"]
date: "2022-04-10T00:12:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-01T15:44:39Z"
duration: "PT9M43S"
viewcount: "151440"
likeCount: "2218"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Tesla Domain"
---
{% raw %}Covering the topics of Plasma Kinetics, Energy Storage Breakthrough, Solid State Hydrogen, Solid State Hydrogen Storage, EV Technology, and more!<br /><br />Don´t forget to leave your comments below and to support the channel by liking the video and subscribing. Thanks!<br /><br />Subscribe To The Tesla Domain ➡ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2ECNiWk">https://bit.ly/2ECNiWk</a><br /><br />WATCH NEXT 👇<br /><br />✅ This Company Is Set To Revolutionize The Industry With Its New Iron Battery!!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/BVQP1UztFD0">https://youtu.be/BVQP1UztFD0</a><br /><br />🔥 RELATED VIDEOS:<br /><br />✅ BYD Claims Its Blade Battery Is a GAMECHANGER... And ELON MUSK Agrees!!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/sftp-GPp62Y">https://youtu.be/sftp-GPp62Y</a><br /><br />✅ BREAKING NEWS!!! Elon Musk And Tesla Bet Harder On LFP Batteries!!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/TgIcP_oC6GM">https://youtu.be/TgIcP_oC6GM</a><br /><br />✅ ALERT 🚨 !!! Tesla Partner CATL Just Introduced A FIRST GEN HYPER EFFICIENT Sodium-Ion Battery!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/3hVX9Agz0xI">https://youtu.be/3hVX9Agz0xI</a><br /><br />✅ QuantumScape Is Making HUGE Progress With Its Solid-State Battery Development!!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/a8dE3MCQZm8">https://youtu.be/a8dE3MCQZm8</a><br /><br />✅ Tesla Battery Supplier CATL Goes ALL IN!!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/iuv4AjLf3QM">https://youtu.be/iuv4AjLf3QM</a><br /><br />It's easy to talk about revolutionizing the battery ecosystem, but actually, doing it? That takes a lot of guys.<br /><br />But this Startup looks to be doing exactly that. Or at least that's what they want to make us think they are doing. <br /><br />For years, the world has been looking for a great alternative to fossil fuels. Sadly, none of the available alternatives have been able to really prove themselves as feasible alternatives to fossil fuels. <br /><br />Green hydrogen, for example, is one of the leading contenders looking to take the place of fossil fuels in our society. Unfortunately, even green energy has its problems.<br /><br />Green hydrogen is a gas with low volumetric energy density. This means that it's extremely expensive to store, transport, and use. Coincidentally, this isn't a problem that green hydrogen alone has. <br /><br />It's a problem that every alternative energy source, from wind power to solar power, has. <br /><br />However, what if a startup suddenly discovered and patented a technique that made it possible for us to store hydrogen as a solid. . .and do it cheaply too? <br /><br />That would totally revolutionize the system, wouldn't it? Of course, it would. <br /><br />Let's start at the very beginning. <br /><br />Hydrogen is already a key part of fuel cell electric vehicles. Many of these vehicles, including trucks and ships, run on fuel cells because they require a level of power that regular batteries cannot match yet. <br /><br />However, these fuel cell EVs cannot scale because of a lot of reasons, chief amongst them being the fact that these vehicles are simply too expensive to make and operate because of the difficulties that come with getting access to ready green hydrogen. <br /><br />The cheapest FCEV, for example, is the Toyota Mirai and it costs around $57,000, while there are Tesla's that go for less than $40,000.<br /><br />Of course, one could argue that FCEVs have a shorter charging time than regular electric vehicles and even have a longer range, but EVs are currently cheaper and use fuel a lot more efficiently than FCEVs.<br /><br />___________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />🤩 The Tesla Domain is the Number 1 channel to go when you want to be up to date with the latest Tesla news, rumors, and insights. Covering everything related to Elon Musk, Tesla, Space X, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Hyperloop, and the EV industry as a whole! We post videos about every Tesla vehicle, including the Cybertruck, Model 3, Model Y, Model S, Model X, Semi, Roadster, and all the other upcoming EVs from different car manufacturers! <br />___________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />🥸 Disclaimer: All the information provided on this channel and/or videos is of general nature and for entertainment purposes only, and you should use it as a place to start your own research. All reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the information provided, working with sources that we believe to be reliable, but subject to change at any time, without notice.<br />___________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />🗣 Copyright Disclaimer: Section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Act states: “Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright.” <br /><br />This video could contain certain copyrighted video clips, pictures, or photographs that were not specifically authorized to be used by the copyright holder(s), but which we believe in good faith are protected by federal law and the fair use doctrine for one or more of the reasons noted above.<br /><br />For copyright issues or business inquires please contact us at successpillyt@gmail.com<br /><br />#elonmusk #tesla #thetesladomain{% endraw %}
