---
title: "HONEY, you SHRUNK us!!  Family youtube channel"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/FjiKlrPpUTk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "FjiKlrPpUTk"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["family friendly","family fun","kid friendly"]
date: "2022-01-29T02:16:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-21T14:00:12Z"
duration: "PT11M19S"
viewcount: "1075"
likeCount: "37"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Remember The Alamos"
---
{% raw %}Parts of this video were inspired by a script sent to us by our subscriber Marcel. Thank you so much for the great ideas!<br /><br />Alamo Mom decides it's funny to play with our shrunk ray and that's when disaster strikes. Alamo Mom and Alamo Dad relive their bad memories of being shrunk. Austin, Landon and Alexia assume their parents left and take advantage of the situation. They eat cereal with soda, slide down the stairs and someone decides to put on makeup. Will Alamo Mom and Dad make it through this time?<br /><br />#familyfun   #youtubefamily #shrunk  #trynottolaugh  #familychannel #skits #shrink #nightmare #stairslide #momsfault #dadsfault #cerealwithsoda<br /><br />SUBSCRIBE for more fun videos like this:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPADc1KMF_mwa-byaWWZLEw?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPADc1KMF_mwa-byaWWZLEw?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />0:29 Kids get in trouble<br />1:38 Parents get shrunk<br />2:14 Alamo Dad's nightmare<br />3:43 Alamo Mom and Dad Plan #1<br />5:11 Cereal with Soda!<br />6:00 Shrunk Stair Slide<br />8:30 Alamo Dad stuck on car<br />9:33 Kids slide down stairs<br />10:40 Alamo Mom and Dad unshrunk<br />11:02 Whose fault??<br /><br />Watch our most recent videos here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPADc1KMF_mwa-byaWWZLEw/videos">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPADc1KMF_mwa-byaWWZLEw/videos</a><br /><br />Contact us at: RememberTheAlamoFamily@gmail.com<br /><br /><br />About Remember the Alamos channel:<br />Remember the Alamos, created by the Alamo family, is a kid friendly – family friendly channel.  This channel makes kids videos for kids to watch.  The family enjoys spending time with each other and creating funny videos where parents and kids are in on the fun action.  They love to dress up as ninja kids, superhero kids, and even as an imposter cupid to create fun videos.  The main focus is kids videos on youtube.  The kids videos have a funny factor and a spin of mystery that the kids and parents are trying to resolve.  The kids love unboxing and play with toys and imagine a fun world around them.  The boys (Austin and Landon) also enjoy fighting and playing pranks on each other while Alexia plays along.  Forget about watching the TV and tune into the Alamo Family adventures.  Expect family fun for everyone; a true family fun pack for you to enjoy! Thank you for joining in on the fun and give a big thumbs up to the Alamo family!<br /><br />While Remember the Alamos video content could be enjoyed by the entire family, the content is aimed at 13+ year olds.<br /><br />The footage in this video is the property of Remember the Alamos and is not allowed to be repurposed without written consent from Remember the Alamos channel admin.{% endraw %}
