---
title: "Ridiculously Rich (Morphic Field + Visualization to Obtain Massive Wealth)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/48KQKB4Fuj4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "48KQKB4Fuj4"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Ridiculously","(Morphic","Field"]
date: "2022-04-06T00:00:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-03T17:44:05Z"
duration: "PT3M51S"
viewcount: "923"
likeCount: "86"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Morpheus Fields"
---
{% raw %}I know what I said in the last field was really controversial. Which is why I have avoided saying it. If I make fields to help people and there conscious understanding of how fields and healing videos work prevents them from receiving benefits, how can I continue to make fields?<br /><br />I had the hardest time charging anything or setting up a way to benefit financially at first. I have friends who have spent probably 5,000$-10,000$ on fields and are in the exact same place financially, spiritually, relationship wise, muscle tone. Everything. Then they say thank god for the person who charged them all that. Its a lot of work making fields and I understand wanting to be fairly compensated. Statistically speaking nothing works for everyone, not even a well tested medication. And there is personally responsibility. The other side of this job and how much work it is. I get it. I do. I just think of all the people who don't have that to spend. Or how many time people went without food to spend it. Thinking it was money better spent. <br /> <br />That was me to. That is lesson I learned sitting on my couch waiting for fields to work. They are a tool for you to use. You are still the source of the power, of the change, and of the work. When you thank someone for the changes. Thank yourself. You listened. You did the work.<br /><br />I find that visualizations tend to feel repetitive after about a month. One thing many of us share is blocks of the wealth variety. If you think about it wealth is the way of the universe. You give mother nature one seed and she multiplies it. How many variety's of plants, and butterfly's and everything. So many trees. Man wanted control and dominance. Man thought he knew better but we really don't. We created all these things that keeps us from being who we truly are and living how we were meant to live.<br /><br />Corporation exist like furious monsters that weave their way through society. They become a living entity and there personality is ultimately destructive and sociopathic. There is nothing intrinsic keeping them from existing as the opposite. We can create corporations that exists like healers. Money is not the root of evil. We could discuss for hours what is. The Bystander Effect, the Need for Control, Shadow Projection and perhaps even the desired to be Good. How much evil has been done out of the desire to make the world better? <br /><br />I will be releasing more wealth fields in the future. They will not replace each other but build onto each other. This one is highly focused on the belief that money is evil, conscious or unconscious. This field will help your consciousness transition to the understanding of just how much good you can do with a sh*t ton of money. It will also work to feel deserving of money as well as hatred toward money. You should as a result feel a much different feeling in your heart when you think of money. This is how you will know it is working. <br /><br />When our emotional resonance towards money changes that is when we can really start to see money following into our lives. You may not realize on one level you desire money but on another you are actively pushing it away. It will also help with the feeling of fragility towards money. That money is easily lost, that there is not more than enough where that came from. The need to hold, and to control overall. The attachment. So that you can feel loose and relaxed not only with money but with life.<br /><br />This also has the benefits of past fields regarding money, because as I mentioned after about a month a visualization can become boring. So I want to make new fresh ones.<br /><br />1-2 times a day for best results. Also contains subliminal affirmations.<br /><br />If you like this field and wish to download it please consider joining my Patreon. I also have a tier for premium fields. Generally takes 24-48 hours for me to upload the file to Patreon.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/morpheusfields">https://www.patreon.com/morpheusfields</a><br /><br /><br />Questions. Listen my friends some of these questions you can answer yourself. I know the world can make you feel powerless, and we are taught to search for knowledge outwardly. Maybe you read the description and you panic. &quot;What if I do it wrong?&quot; But there is no wrong. Only new knowledge. That is how you learn. You ask speaker or headphones. Try. Find Out. Explore. Then you will know for sure. If I tell you, you still will not know. You are so powerful, and you have access to all the wisdom of the whole entire universe right inside your soul.<br /><br />Side note: Being spiritual does not mean keeping everything in. Positive vibes only is BS. Spirituality is authenticity. Positive vibes only is plastic spirituality. Fake. Just be you. Just be real. You don't have to do anything else. You are already spiritual. You are a spiritual being. You only need to return to your true nature. Trying to be spiritual is a logical fallacy. Just be.{% endraw %}
