---
title: "BELIEVE to RECEIVE - Manifest While You Sleep Meditation with Affirmations"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1aB6vmlUCZM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1aB6vmlUCZM"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["believe meditation","belief meditation","manifest meditation"]
date: "2022-04-27T14:11:43+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-25T02:30:00Z"
duration: "PT3H1S"
viewcount: "12246"
likeCount: "458"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dauchsy"
---
{% raw %}BELIEVE to RECEIVE - Manifest While You Sleep Meditation with Affirmations<br /><br />Introduction: 0:00 - 4:38<br />Guided Meditation: 4:38 - 19:20<br />Positive Affirmations: 19:20 - 3:00:00<br /><br />All we must do, is BELIEVE. If you want to transform your life, you must have the belief that it is in fact possible. If you want to manifest exactly what you ask for, you must have a belief strong enough to obtain it. <br />Now, you may think you know what your beliefs are, but your beliefs are not determined by your words. You will only be able to determine what your true beliefs are when you are carefully aware of your actions and behaviors in life. Because it is your actions that determine your beliefs. But who determines your behaviors? Who is the one making the decisions in your life? You? Sure, some of the time. But let me ask you this. Have you ever allowed another person to make you angry? How do you decide whether or not to have that extra piece of cheesecake? How do you decide whether or not you should finish your work or procrastinate and watch Netflix? A lot of the time, we don’t know why we act a certain way. We know how we should act in life, but our actions don’t always match up with how we really want to act.  You see, our beliefs about who we are will determine our actions in life. What you truly believe about yourself will determine whether or not you eat that second piece of cheesecake or allow that annoying sibling to get under your skin. <br />There are beliefs we have about ourselves and beliefs we have about the outside world. Let me ask you a few more questions. How do you decide what is right and wrong? Do you always do the right thing? How do you decide what is attractive? Have you ever been attracted to someone you knew was completely wrong for you? How do you decide what is funny? Do you consciously laugh at what you think you believe is funny, or is laughter an unconscious behavior? <br />The way we make decisions in life and the way we interact with the world are all determined by our beliefs. Beliefs about who we are and beliefs about the world around us. If you want to change your life, if you want to manifest what you want in life, you must change your beliefs so that they are consistent with what you want in your life. Easy enough right? Well as you may have discovered, this is not as easy as it sounds. That is because our true beliefs lie deep in our subconscious mind. So, to truly change our beliefs, we must somehow change those deep seeded beliefs in the subconscious. We’ll get there soon. <br />But first, how will you know when your beliefs have truly changed? You will begin to behave in a manner that is consistent with your beliefs, and the world will present itself in a manner that is consistent with those beliefs. If you truly believe that you are a healthy and dedicated individual, you will effortlessly begin making healthy decisions in your life. If you believe yourself to be confident and assertive, you will naturally and instinctively act in a confident and assertive manner. There is no need to think about acting confident. It just flows from you naturally. If you truly believe the world to be a kind, loving, and abundant place, the world will present you with kindness, love, and abundance. <br />When you are trying to manifest what you want in life, you must believe that you are capable, believe that you are the type of person that can achieve it and you must believe that the world is a place that can provide it for you. <br />This meditation will guide you down to your subconscious mind, where you will implant new beliefs about yourself and about the world, allowing you to manifest exactly what you ask for, all as you fall asleep. Listen for 30 nights and see what happens. I promise you, the results will absolutely astonish you!<br />So when you are ready, close your eyes, get comfortable, and lets begin. <br /><br />Music<br />Sad Emotional Piano - DS Productions<br />Chris Collins -Cosmic Harmony      Indiemusicbox.com{% endraw %}
