---
title: "Bailey Zimmerman - Fall In Love (Official Lyric Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/DXEFzC8xpLY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "DXEFzC8xpLY"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Bailey Zimmerman","Country Music","Music"]
date: "2022-06-05T06:57:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-06-01T15:00:07Z"
duration: "PT3M53S"
viewcount: "39390"
likeCount: "1121"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Bailey Zimmerman"
---
{% raw %}Bailey Zimmerman - Fall In Love (Official Lyric Video)<br /><br />Follow Bailey on Socials!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.tiktok.com/@bailey.zimmerman?">http://www.tiktok.com/@bailey.zimmerman?</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://facebook.com/baileyzimmermanmusic">http://facebook.com/baileyzimmermanmusic</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://instagram.com/bailey.zimmerman">http://instagram.com/bailey.zimmerman</a><br /><br />LYRICS:<br />Heard you moved out to South Carolina just like you always said we would.<br />Packed your bags in that ol’ 4 runner that I bought ya when things were<br />good.<br />I’m glad to see the stop sign didn’t hit ya bring ya back to your senses<br />Ohhh it waved you gone goodbye.<br />Yeah it waved you gone goodbye.<br /> <br />I heard you found yourself a brand new man, put a rock on your finger and he<br />vowed you a second chance.<br />Built a house right by the coast, that ocean view is beautiful but baby I just<br />want you to know.<br />He don’t know you like I did.<br />Money talks but I ain’t buying.<br /> <br />Loves a smoke ring wrapped around your finger one second it’s a blessing<br />and the next it’s already gone.<br />A broken heart I’m a walking testimony my confession is a lesson that I’m<br />pouring out in this song.<br />Oh woah woah<br />Oh woah woah<br />You don’t wanna fall in love.<br /> <br />Seen your momma walking out the county market and I stopped to ask her<br />how she’s been.<br />Said she’s missing ya and tried to go convincing ya not to settle down with<br />him.<br />She ain’t wrong, the whole town knows it, you had a bed of roses<br />But girl you couldn’t walk that line.<br />You can act like you’re doing fine.<br /><br />Warner Music Nashville / Elektra Music Group breakout country artist Bailey Zimmerman is following an explosive trajectory after an unexpected, whirlwind rise. In just one year since releasing his viral sensation “Never Comin’ Home,” the first song he’d ever written or performed, the rising singer/songwriter has already earned more than 100 million global streams to date and charted his latest release, “Fall In Love,” on the Billboard Hot 100. Born and raised in the small town of Louisville, IL, he grew up listening to hour after hour of country radio on long hauls across state lines with his father, who owned a trucking business. Back at home his mom instilled in him a life-long appreciation for the power chords and edgy vocals of 80’s hair rock. From long hours on the gas pipeline, to late nights of backbreaking roadwork, Zimmerman embodies the old school American values of hard work and dependability and applies the same steadfast mentality to his music. Through his plainspoken charm, contagious enthusiasm and genuine portrayal of life on the back roads, the up-and-comer has already attracted a loyal and passionate fan base. With more new music on the horizon, featuring the grit and gravel of his unmistakably Southern drawl, Zimmerman will continue to showcase the straightforward authenticity for which he is known and loved.<br /><br />#BaileyZimmerman #FallInLove #OfficialLyricVideo{% endraw %}
