---
title: "Local people & culture in Jordan"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ReR5ffp6HXw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ReR5ffp6HXw"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["Local people & culture in Jordan","Jordan travel guide","Jordan tourism & vacations"]
date: "2022-01-20T20:49:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-05-25T20:36:14Z"
duration: "PT13M10S"
viewcount: "4874"
likeCount: "62"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "World Travel Guide"
---
{% raw %}Local people &amp; culture in Jordan, Jordan travel guide, Jordan tourism &amp; vacations, Jordan travel vlog<br />Travel Videos (Subscribe Now) 🔔<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZA8CQtDTrwHnvZrbpZkkiw?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZA8CQtDTrwHnvZrbpZkkiw?sub_confirmation=1</a><br />The culture of Jordan is based in Arabic and Islamic elements. Jordan stands at the intersection of the three continents of the ancient world, lending it geographic and population diversity. Notable aspects of the culture include traditional music and clothing of Jordan, and interest in sports. These include football and basketball as well as other imported sports, mainly from western Europe and the United States. <br /><br /><br />Popular culture<br />==================<br />More than 90% of the population lives in the metropolis of Amman, concentrating the culture of Jordan in that city. Jordanian pop culture is heavily influenced by the West. European and American music, movies, fashion and other forms of entertainment are popular among Jordan's people. Clubbing and partying culture are present in Amman, especially in the Western half of the city. A small minority of youth, mostly the rich in West Amman. Amman is consistently declared one of the most westernised and modern cities in the region. Malls, Western-brand stores, and hotels are important elements in Amman's urban life, especially in the Western side.<br /><br />English is widely understood and even spoken in lieu of Jordanian Arabic among Jordanians in the upper class. Westernization is occurring due to the heavy Western, especially British and American, influence on the nation's political life and foreign affairs. In addition, many people from western Europe and America have been moving to Amman and calling it their new home in the past few years. This increased trade links with the West and has reshaped the culture. Cuisine is shared with surrounding nations, especially Egypt, Syria, and Turkey. <br /><br /><br />5 Key Things To Know About Jordan Culture<br />------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />When people think of Jordan, they think of Petra, one of the seven New Wonders of the World, and Amman, the capital. Surprise! There is so much more to Jordan! It is both a beautiful and culturally rich country. It is filled with historical sites, interesting geography, friendly people, and delicious food. Whether you travel with a group or solo, here are some key things to know about Jordan culture before you go.<br /><br /><br /><br />1. Jordan’s Geography And History Are Unique<br />The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan is located in the Middle East and considered a part of the Holy Land. Jordan shares borders with Israel and Palestine to the west, Saudi Arabia to the south, Iraq to the northeast, and Syria to the north. The medicinal Dead Sea is located on its western border. Also, Jordan has a small coastline along the Red Sea.<br /><br /><br /><br />2. Family Life And Rites Of Passage Are Extremely Important<br />Jordanians value their families and traditions. Extended families tend to live in multi-leveled homes. A young person’s wedding is an important rite of passage in the Jordanian culture. A wedding is a huge celebration and so is the birth of a child. After marriage, a son will bring home his bride to live with his family. The bride and groom will raise their children in the family home.<br /><br /><br />3. Traditional Clothing Is Worth Noting<br />As in other Middle Eastern countries, dress in Jordan is typically conservative. Clothing also varies by region. In Amman, you may see more westernized dress worn by men and some women. You will see some women wearing long-sleeved, maxi-length dresses called a libis shar’i or jilbab along with scarves or hijab to cover their hair. You’ll also see handmade dresses featuring embroidery and cross-stitched patterns. The dresses are representative of the specific region of Jordan the woman wearing the garment is from.<br /><br /><br />4. Jordanian Food Brings People Together<br />If you are a foodie, Jordan is the perfect place to visit. Jordanians take pride in their delicious dishes. One traditional dish you must try is mansaf — a special-occasion dish that combines chunks of tender lamb, yogurt sauce, and a sprinkle of pine nuts and herbs. It is served with rice and kishk, a dough made of flour, yogurt, and salt. You will also find common appetizers like hummus, ful medames, and baba ganuj served with pita bread. Don’t forget the olives! Jordan is among the top olive-producing countries in the world.<br /><br /><br />5. The Historical Sites Of Petra Are A Point Of Pride<br />Jordanians are proud of the country’s history and sites. Jordan is home to archeological sites and artifacts dating back thousands of years. Jordan’s place in religious and political history is also fascinating, and you will learn both well- and little-known facts during your stay.{% endraw %}
