---
title: "Your Night Out at Home: Lux Cantorum \"God of Many Faiths\""
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/R-77c0DWoNY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "R-77c0DWoNY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Night","Home:","Cantorum"]
date: "2022-03-15T16:04:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-09-01T04:04:50Z"
duration: "PT22M58S"
viewcount: "215"
likeCount: "10"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Chicago Park District"
---
{% raw %}A @Chicago Park District virtual Night Out in the Parks experience presented by Lux Cantorum &quot;God of Many Faiths.&quot; <br /><br />Lux Cantorum Chicago is an ensemble sharing the transformational power or sacred choral music, and nurturing an inclusive creative community.  We are thrilled to participate in the Night Out in The Parks virtual format by presenting segments of our 2017 concert God of Many Faiths.  While the selections are not what we’d planned for our live performance this summer, they similarly represent the spirit of oneness from many religious perspectives that we always strive to respect and celebrate.<br /><br />Gitanjali Chants                                                                                                                            <br />Craig Hella Johnson, b. 1962<br />Gitanjali Chants is Mr. Hella Johnson’s choral setting of two poems by the Bengali poet and Nobel Laureate, Rabindranath Tagore.  Tagore translated many of his poems from Bengali to English. <br /><br />Ramkali, An Indian Raga                                                                                                           <br />arr. by Ethan Sperry, b. 1971<br />Ramkali, An Indian Raga is performed in the arranger’s four-part a cappella men’s version.  A raga is the scale upon which a piece of Indian music is based, and this particular raga is considered one of the most complex to sing.  It is in the Braj Bhasha dialect of the Hindi language and the text is quasi-religious. Text translation: I am entirely devoted to you my lord.  At least heed my plea, my love. I hope to be reunited with you, my love.  Peace of mind is not mine, my love.<br /><br />Gate Gate                                                                                                                                          <br />Brian Tate, b. 1954<br />Brian Tate is a Canadian composer, conductor and vocalist.  Gate Gate is based on a Buddhist Sanskrit mantra that is part of the Heart Sutra, a collection of wisdom on the nature of emptiness.  The piece opens with a unison chant of the mantra, and builds through repetition and exchange to an exuberant end.<br />Text translation: Gone, gone. Gone all the way to the other shore.  Everyone gone to the other shore. Enlightenment, halleluia.<br /><br />Zikr                                                                                                        <br />A.R. Rahman, b.1967     arr. by Ethan Sperry, b. 1971   <br />A.R. Rahman is an Indian composer and arranger, and recipient of two Oscars, two Grammys, a Golden Globe and four National Film Awards.  His composition, Zikr was written for the documentary Bose: The Forgotten Hero.  Ethan Sperry has arranged Zikrfor a cappella chorus, soloist and percussion.  According to the arranger, “while the text [Urdu] of Zikr is religious [a Sufi devotion], the piece is not intended for a worship ceremony.”  The piece is meant to evoke the Sufi Muslim musicians and whirling dervishes of the Middle East and Southeast Asia. Zikr accelerates and increases in volume to an almost manic climax with the choir chanting Hu Allah…(God is One…There is no other truth except Allah.)<br /><br />Dancer: Janaki Nair<br />Percussion: Gurpreet Birk<br />Conductor: Wilbert O. Watkins<br />Accompanist: Joan Hutchinson     <br /><br />Stay connected at: <br />Website: www.luxcantorum.org/faiths<br /><br />Watch more 2020 Your Night Out at Home performances at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.chicagoparkdistrict.com/night-out-at-home">https://www.chicagoparkdistrict.com/night-out-at-home</a><br /><br />New performances will be added every week throughout the summer. If you’re thirsty for more, dive into the list of all 120 artist awardees for the 2020 season, with links to their websites and social media so you can get to know them at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.chicagoparkdistrict.com/night-out-at-home">https://www.chicagoparkdistrict.com/night-out-at-home</a><br /> <br />#NightOutIntheParks #YourNightOutAtHome #MyChiParks<br /><br />Night Out in the Parks is supported by @ComEd  &amp; @Chicago DCASE{% endraw %}
