---
title: "There is no video today....😎"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/lN1b7zldByY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "lN1b7zldByY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["learn english","learning english","learn english with subtitles"]
date: "2022-06-01T23:51:14+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-31T07:00:10Z"
duration: "PT3M4S"
viewcount: "17580"
likeCount: "1838"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Learn English with Bob the Canadian"
---
{% raw %}Just a quick update. I was sick. I'm not anymore. English lessons will resume this Friday! Woohoo!<br /><br />Transcript:<br />Well, hi. It's been a few days, hasn't it? Well, a funny thing happened to me last week. On Tuesday night, I started to get a sore throat and by Wednesday night, I could hardly talk. And then it lasted a few days. If you've noticed if you're someone who follows my channel closely, you'll notice that I didn't do a live English lesson last Friday because I didn't have a voice. And I didn't put a video out on my short English lesson channel either on Friday because I couldn't talk very well. So, I took three whole sick days. I was off work for three days.<br /><br />It wasn't COVID, okay? So if you're worried, it wasn't COVID, but I did two tests and both were negative. But yeah, it was kind of strange. I would say that I had something and it hit me kind of hard. Sore throat and then stuffed up nose. And then I had a really dry cough for a few days, but I'm feeling a lot better now. So I thought I should make a video and make the title of the video, &quot;There is No Video Today&quot;, just as a little bit of humor, but also to give all of you a bit of an update about what's happening to me or what happened to me.<br /><br />So anyways, what's the plan going forward? Well, I'm not gonna make a Wednesdays with Bob video for this Wednesday. I'm not gonna make a video on my short channel for this Wednesday. I thought, you know what? It's been a crazy weekend. It was a crazy week last week. I'll just relax a bit and then we'll start Friday again, this coming Friday, with a live lesson. So that's the plan right now. So this video isn't really a video. It's definitely not an English lesson. It's just an update about Bob's life.<br /><br />I should have known that I was going to get sick because a couple of people at school were sick. A couple of people that I work with at school who are in the same room as me a lot. One of them had actually been gone for three days as well about a week and a half ago. So it shouldn't have surprised me that all of a sudden I was getting all of the same symptoms. So, anyways, that's just a little update. So again, just taking a few days, just taking a little bit of a break. Relax a little bit and make sure my voice is all the way back to normal. We'll do a live lesson this Friday. We'll do a live lesson this Saturday too because it's the first Saturday of the month, so look forward to that.<br /><br />And if you're someone who watches videos on my other channel as well, I'll have new videos out on that channel starting on Friday. And maybe I should make a little video right now and put that on the other channel as well just so everybody on both channels knows what's happening. Anyways, feeling good, feeling chipper. Enjoying the great outdoors.<br /><br />In fact, just recently I was out on the river because I bought a little kayak. I don't know if you know what a kayak is. I'll put a picture up here. And so me and my son went kayaking. It was fun. I've lived on this river my whole life. I don't know if you can see it in the background. And that's one of the first times that I've been out on it. I'm rambling now, but I've been out on it on canoes before that I've borrowed, but this is the first time I went on something that I owned myself.<br /><br />So anyways, it was lots of fun. Anyways, I'm feeling better and we'll be back Friday. I'll be back Friday with a new live lesson and we'll just keep rolling from there. So have a great week.<br /><br />--<br /><br />⌛ Remember:  Always watch the video three times.  Twice today with English subtitles on, and once tomorrow with the English subtitles off.  This will reinforce the English you have learned!<br /><br />--<br /><br />✅ Support Me and Get These Members Only Perks:<br />😀💲 If you would like to become a member of my channel here is the link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZJJTxA36ZPNTJ1WFIByaeA/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZJJTxA36ZPNTJ1WFIByaeA/join</a><br /><br />Becoming a member at every level has these benefits and perks:<br />1) For 10 minutes during each live stream you will be able to participate in the &quot;Members Only&quot; chat.<br />2) A cool crown beside your name during live streams and when making comments on videos.<br />3) Your name in green during live stream lesson chat.<br />4) You will have access to a members only video each Wednesday called, &quot;Wednesdays with Bob&quot;. These are behind the scenes bonus videos with full English transcripts for your listening practice.<br />5) A full transcript for every Tuesday video.<br /><br />✅ Join now to receive these perks: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZJJTxA36ZPNTJ1WFIByaeA/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZJJTxA36ZPNTJ1WFIByaeA/join</a><br /><br />I really appreciate those you that have chosen to thank me in this way! Please only support me if you can afford it!<br /><br />If you prefer to support me via Patreon, here is a link to that page: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/bobthecanadian">https://www.patreon.com/bobthecanadian</a><br /><br />Thank you for your generosity!<br /><br />--<br /><br />TAKE YOUR ENGLISH CONVERSATIONS TO THE NEXT LEVEL:<br />✅Talk to a real English tutor / teacher at preply: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://tracking.preply.com/SH2X">http://tracking.preply.com/SH2X</a><br />(This is an affiliate, signing up for this service helps support my channel).{% endraw %}
