---
title: "Dolores Cannon: Finding Your True Self"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1C8m6T6DfMA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1C8m6T6DfMA"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["Dolores","Cannon:","Finding"]
date: "2022-01-28T19:33:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-10-18T06:45:00Z"
duration: "PT27M31S"
viewcount: "661584"
likeCount: "25388"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ozark Research Institute"
---
{% raw %}Where did I come from?  Why am I here? What is my mission, my purpose? Explore the answers to these questions with Dolores Cannon, recognized as a pioneer in the field of past-life regression.  (This is an excerpt from a lecture given by Dolores Cannon at the 2012 Transformation Conference.)<br /><br /><br />Links:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://OzarkMt.com">https://OzarkMt.com</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.ozarkresearch.org">https://www.ozarkresearch.org</a><br /><br /><br />About Dolores Cannon:<br /> Recognized as a pioneer in the field of past-life regression, Dolores is a hypnotherapist who specializes in the recovery and cataloging of “Lost Knowledge”. Her roots in hypnosis go back to the 1960s, and she has been specializing in past-life therapy since the 1970s. She has developed her own technique and has founded the Quantum Healing Hypnosis Academy. Traveling all over the world teaching this unique healing method she has trained over 4000 students since 2002. This is her main focus now. However, she has been active in UFO and Crop Circle investigations for over 27 years since Lou Farish got her involved in the subject. She has been involved with the Ozark Mountain UFO Conference since its inception 27 years ago by Lou Farish and Ed Mazur. After Lou died she inherited the conference and has been putting it on the past two years.<br />Dolores has written 17 books about her research in hypnosis and UFO cases. These books are translated into over 20 languages. She founded her publishing company, Ozark Mountain Publishing, 22 years ago in 1992, and currently has over 50 authors that she publishes. In addition to the UFO conference she also puts on another conference, the Transformation Conference, which is a showcase for her authors.<br />She has appeared on numerous TV shows and documentaries on all the major networks, and also throughout the world. She has spoken on over 1000 radio shows, including Art Bell’s Dreamland, George Noory’s Coast to Coast, and Shirley MacLaine, plus speaking at innumerable conferences worldwide. In addition she has had her own weekly radio show, the Metaphysical Hour, on BBS Radio for nine years. She has received numerous awards from organizations and hypnosis schools, including Outstanding Service and Lifetime Achievement awards. She was the first foreigner to receive the Orpheus Award in Bulgaria for the highest achievement in the field of psychic research.<br />Dolores made her transition on October 18, 2014. She touched many and will be deeply missed.<br /><br /><br />About Ozark Research Institute:<br />The Ozark Research Institute, Inc. (O.R.I.) is an educational, scientific, charitable non-profit corporation, chartered by the State of Arkansas to conduct classes and research into the &quot;Power of Thought&quot; as it pertains to spontaneous remission, miraculous healing, and research into all manner of mind phenomena and other healing techniques.<br />“If you're looking for a place of awakening within a loving, accepting group of people, you've come to the right place! ORI is a place of unconditional love that surrounds you and encourages you to see and be part of the changing world we live in... Transforming, Uplifting, Loving, Educational, and Safe...that's ORI!” T.R. Arkansas{% endraw %}
