---
title: "மூட்டு வலிக்கு ஒரு மருந்து\/வள்ளலாரின் சுத்த மருத்துவம்\/உடலைச் சுத்தம் செய்யும் சஞ்சீவி மூலிகை"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/At2ZpSa5TTg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "At2ZpSa5TTg"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Motivational speech","Vallalar","Salem Kuppusamy Ayya speech"]
date: "2022-05-07T19:46:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-05T04:34:57Z"
duration: "PT11M37S"
viewcount: "10719"
likeCount: "505"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Salem Kuppusamy Vallalar Sorpozhivu"
---
{% raw %}அய்யாவின் ஆராய்ச்சிக்கு உதவ நமது சேனலில் உறுப்பினா் ஆகுமாறு அன்புடன் கேட்டுக் கொள்கிறோம்.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5ywQgap_Cd8EVD0YPBK7wA/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5ywQgap_Cd8EVD0YPBK7wA/join</a><br /><br />Support Ayya's Research by Joining our Membership program.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5ywQgap_Cd8EVD0YPBK7wA/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5ywQgap_Cd8EVD0YPBK7wA/join</a><br /><br />Topics discussed in this video:<br />* வள்ளலாரின் சுத்த மருத்துவம்<br />* மூட்டு வலிக்கு ஒரு மருந்து<br />* உடலைச் சுத்தம் செய்யும் சஞ்சீவி மூலிகை<br />* இளமை நீடிக்க மருந்து<br /><br />R. Kuppusamy, famously known as Salem Kuppusamy Ayya  is a prolific speaker and a proponent of the philosophy and teachings of Ramalinga Vallalar. He has dedicated his life to spread his teachings in a scientific perspective. He has given several lectures on the concepts of Vallalar in a simple and scientific way. Ayya's lectures are very insightful and always backed up by his thorough research on the subject. He has delivered speeches in most of the foreign countries Malaysia, USA, Australia , Paris. Ayya's mission is to develop ancient science as a complete science with scientific validation &amp; to deliver it to the world as an education.<br /><br />For further information on Kuppusamy Ayya's Books, Audio &amp; video speeches, Please message in Whatsapp number 9943045023. Kindly avoid phone calls.<br /><br />©Copyright Disclaimer: Republishing of this Content is strictly Prohibited.<br /><br />‘’Arutprakasa vallalar Ramalinga Adigal’’ was commonly called as ‘’Vallalar’’, also known as Ramalinga Swamigal and Ramalinga Adigal, was one of the most eminent Tamil Saints and poets and is a part of Tamil saints - &quot;Gnana Siddhars&quot;. He evanesces and dissipates his body into light and amalgamates with the Eternal Divine God on 30th January 1874 at 12.00 midnight. The Samarasa Suddha Sanmarga Sathiya Sangam was publicized and propagated by him by his own way of living which is an inspiration, encouragement and motivation for his disciples. By virtue of Suddha Sanmarga Sangam, the saint aspired and strived to eradicate the caste system. Vallalar endorsed the notion of worshipping the flame of a lighted lamp as a signification of the eternal Power; ‘’Arutperunjothi’’ the graceful universal light, which governs the universe.<br /><br />#Sanmarkkam, #Sanmargam, JothiMeditation, Meditation, Dharmasalai, Jeevakarunyam, Jeevakarunyaozhukkam, #Vallallar, Kayakarpam, Jeevaozhukkam, anmaozhukkam, karanaolukkam, karanaozhukkam, Indryaolukkam, Indryaozhukkam, Arutperunjothi, spiritual, satsang, satsangam, Vadalore, Vadalur, Gnanasabhai, Meditation, Siddha, Siddhas, hair fall, wealth, breathing techniques, hairfall, Aruljothi, sorpozhivu, satsangam, #Salem Kuppusamy, R Kuppusamy, Kuppusamy Ayya speech{% endraw %}
