---
title: "Crochet Cardigan Tutorial | Only Shoulder Seams! Customize to fit YOU! | The Dora Cardigan"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/QCZbwhwfOio\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "QCZbwhwfOio"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Crochet","yarn","Crochet cardigan"]
date: "2022-01-21T09:01:36+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-20T16:48:04Z"
duration: "PT1H39M15S"
viewcount: "97"
likeCount: "19"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The WIP Window with Rachelle"
---
{% raw %}Thanks for stopping by my channel to make your own Dora Cardigan! I have limited the ads that play to only before and after the video. No mid-roll ads!!!! :) <br />Thank you for watching the ads before and after the video. This helps fund my channel for those who choose not to purchase the pattern.<br /><br />There are time stamps down below, so you can easily skip ahead to find the spot where you left off as you work through this tutorial. In addition to this tutorial, there is more information in the paid pattern, and for my YT friends, there is a coupon code down below for 25% off the pattern.<br /><br />This cardigan pattern was written with instructions for you to crochet a cardigan that is your desired length and fits YOU! You get to pick the weight of yarn and the hook size that goes along with the yarn. I have used a sport weight yarn (Dora from Ice Yarns) with a G-4.0mm hook and worsted weight yarn (Touch of Cashmere by Lion Brand - discontinued) with an I-5.5mm hook to make this cardigan, and they all turned out great! There are some suggested amounts of yarn you will need for the different estimated sizes in the paid written pattern, so if you are not going to purchase the pattern and just follow the video, make sure to buy enough yarn that you think you will need before you start. The amount of yarn depends upon the weight of yarn you are going to use. Usually stores will take returns if you end up not using it.<br /><br />In this pattern, there are no stitch counts to follow other than making sure you have the right stitch count formula for the decorative stitch pattern. The only seams you will sew/crochet together are the shoulder seams. You will LOVE how easily this cardigan works up and how well it fits.<br /><br />If you would like to purchase the 16 page written digital pattern, use the coupon code 25OFF to receive 25% off the pattern in either my Etsy or Ravelry shop. (This code will work with any pattern in my shops!)<br />Ravelry: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/the-dora-cardigan">https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/the-dora-cardigan</a><br />Etsy: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.etsy.com/listing/1149764688/pdf-pattern-the-dora-crochet-cardigan">https://www.etsy.com/listing/1149764688/pdf-pattern-the-dora-crochet-cardigan</a><br /><br />Sections of the Video:<br />Introduction: 00:00<br />Beginning chain and First Front Panel: 01:25<br />First Side Panel: 23:23<br />Back Panel: 27:39<br />Second Side Panel: 36:54<br />Second Front Panel: 38:30<br />Seaming the Shoulders: 45:16<br />Sleeves: 51:07<br />Shawl Collar: 01:21:52<br /><br /><br />Thanks for watching!<br />If you need to contact me, you can find me on Instagram @thewipwindow or through email at thewipwindow@gmail.com. I would love to see you in your finished cardigan, so tag me on Instagram!{% endraw %}
