---
title: "15 Deadliest Fights in the Insect Kingdom"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/2SKC1gUlukw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "2SKC1gUlukw"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["15 deadliest fights in the insect kingdom","deadliest insect fights","insects"]
date: "2022-04-29T02:22:49+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-22T12:11:24Z"
duration: "PT18M34S"
viewcount: "749259"
likeCount: "7301"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Fanatic"
---
{% raw %}We often see large animals fight it out in the wild, and sometimes forget, there is another world, much smaller, filled with insects where massive battles take place. Have you ever seen a centipede fight a tarantula? What happens when a Black widow and a wolf spider meet? Do they get married? If you want to see what goes on in the world of insects, you need to see this as we count down the 15 deadliest fights in the insect kingdom.<br /><br />► Subscribe For New Videos! ► shorturl.at/krBX9 <br /><br />Watch our “15 Crazy Animal Hunting Battles Caught On Camera&quot;<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/BEWcgCLvoX8">https://youtu.be/BEWcgCLvoX8</a><br />Watch our “Top 15 Wild Dog Attacks”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/uXSJVYCrg6g">https://youtu.be/uXSJVYCrg6g</a><br />Watch our “15 Moments Of Animals Brutally Eating Their Prey Alive”<br />video here:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ZO1862c-xiE">https://youtu.be/ZO1862c-xiE</a><br /><br />Wasp Vs Bumblebee<br /><br />Wasps will attack a beehive if they consider the colony is insufficiently strong to justify their efforts. The wasps fight the defending bees, but if there are enough wasps, the bees near the hive entrance will be killed. The fundamental reason for this is that wasps are primarily interested in honey or protein. You can see some bees and wasps fight it out at this waterhole. Even though they are insects, the battles are spectacular as they jump on one another and try to take each other out of the way. This wasp approaches a bumblebee and tries to defy it, but doesn’t and moves to the side until it sneaks up on it from behind. Although the bumblebee is not aggressive, the wasp continues to harass it, for no apparent reason. Although the bumblebee is much bigger than this wasp, the wasp manages to sting the bumblebee 174 times during the filming of this scuffle. The wasp is terrorizing the bumblebee, and the large insect is no match for the wasp. <br /><br />Honeybees Vs Spider<br /><br />Spiders eat flies, beetles, moths, and butterflies, as well as most types of bees. However, in our video, this spider didn’t expect to meet an entire army of honeybees. This changes the game entirely and now the spider is overwhelmed by the bees. It is being eaten alive and it can’t do a thing about it. The bees attacking the spider are flapping their wings quickly and this is a signal to tell the other bees doing nothing to come and help destroy the spider. It’s kind of a code the bees use to alert each other. I guess they’re doing a good job because this spider is being destroyed. This giant fishing spider visits a few bees on a Sunday morning before heading to church. The bees don’t seem disturbed at all and begin to approach the spider. The spider tries to convert the bees but when they refuse, it decides to have a small snack before heading for holy communion. The bees are not pleased when the spider kidnaps one of their own and decides to eat it. The spider explains to the bees that their buddy is a “sacrificial lamb”. The bees laugh and attack the spider and even though the spider is monstrous, there isn’t much it can do against a horde of bees. The bees simply overpower the spider and chew it to bits. The bee owner explained the bees tore off one of the spider’s legs but didn’t kill it, because he found the spider alive, with one leg missing, one week later. The bees left a note stating, they had sacrificed the spider’s leg to restore their faith in humanity.{% endraw %}
