---
title: "Macklemore- Can´t Hold Us [Lyrics]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/PskqGbCaWOg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "PskqGbCaWOg"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["United States (Country)","macklemore","cant"]
date: "2022-05-09T07:46:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2013-03-23T21:27:24Z"
duration: "PT4M30S"
viewcount: "690721"
likeCount: "10647"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "TheLyrics Maker"
---
{% raw %}Return of the Mack, get up! what it is, what it does, what it is, what it isn't<br />Looking for a better way to get up out of bed<br />Instead of getting on the internet and checking a new hit me <br />Get up! fresh out pimp strut walking, little bit of humble, little bit of cautious<br />Somewhere between like rocky and cosby sweatergang nope nope y'all can't copy<br />Yup. Bad, moonwalking, this here, is our party, my posse's been on broadway,<br />And we did it, our way. <br />Grown music, I shed my skin and put my bones into everything I record to it<br />And yet I'm on~<br />Let that stage light go and shine on down, got that Bob Barker suit game and plinko in my style.<br />Money, stay on my craft and stick around for those pounds, <br />But I do that to pass the torch and put on for my town<br />Trust me. On my I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T shit hustlin',<br />Chasing dreams since I was 14 with the four track bossin' halfway cross that city with the backpack, fat cat, crushing<br /><br />labels out here, <br />Nah they can't tell me nothing<br />We give that to the people, <br />Spread it across the country<br />Labels out here, <br />Nah they can't tell me nothing<br />We give it to the people, <br />Spread it across the country<br /><br />Here we go back, this is the moment<br />Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over<br />So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us<br />like the ceiling can't hold us<br />Here we go back, this is the moment<br />Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over<br />So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us<br />like the ceiling can't hold us<br /><br />nah, can I kick it? thank you. yeah I'm so damn grateful.<br />I grew up, really wanted gold fronts<br />But that's what you get when wu tang raised you<br />Y'all can't stop me, go hard like I got an 808 in my heart beat<br />And I'm eating at the beat like you gave a little speed to a great white shark on shark week<br /><br />Raw. Tell me go up. Gone!<br />deuces goodbye. I got a world to see, and my girl she wanna see Rome, <br />Ceasar make you a believer. nah I never ever did it for a throne.<br />that validation comes from giving it back to the people. nah sing a song and it goes like<br />Raise those hands, this is our party<br />We came here to live life like nobody was watching<br />I got my city right behind me<br />If I fall, they got me, learn from that failure gain humility and then we keep marching I say<br /><br />Here we go back, this is the moment<br />Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over<br />So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us<br />like the ceiling can't hold us<br />Here we go back, this is the moment<br />Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over<br />So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us<br />like the ceiling can't hold us<br /><br />na na na na na na na na<br />and all my people say<br />x4<br /><br />Ma-kle-more<br /><br />Here we go back, this is the moment<br />Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over<br />So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us<br />like the ceiling can't hold us<br />Here we go back, this is the moment<br />Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over<br />So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us<br />like the ceiling can't hold us.{% endraw %}
