---
title: "The 355 — Why Hollywood's Female Action Films Flop | Anatomy Of A Failure"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/DOsuJ8jSL-Y\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "DOsuJ8jSL-Y"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["the 355","355 movie","355 flop"]
date: "2022-02-25T07:31:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-23T18:00:11Z"
duration: "PT18M9S"
viewcount: "237093"
likeCount: "17493"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Filmento"
---
{% raw %}Thanks to MANSCAPED for sponsoring today’s video! Get 20% OFF + Free International Shipping + 2 Free Gifts with promo code “FILMENTO20” at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://mnscpd.com/Filmento">http://mnscpd.com/Filmento</a><br /><br />The 355 is a new female action movie from Dark Phoenix director Simon Kinberg with a budget of 75 million dollars, starring big names like Jessica Chastain and Lupita Nyong'o and Diane Kruger. And despite everything it has going for it, the movie still managed to flop at the box office, meaning that Hollywood now has yet another reason (on top of movies like Charlie's Angels and Birds of Prey) not to buy my female action script. I'm pissed but also intrigued to find out what went wrong, so let's do that. Here's why The 355 fails as an action movie starring women and what all of us should improve on for our own work.<br /><br />Support:     <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://patreon.com/filmento">https://patreon.com/filmento</a><br />Follow:        <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/filmento">https://twitter.com/filmento</a><br />Like this:    <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://boxd.it/1PSEbt">https://boxd.it/1PSEbt</a><br /><br />#The355 #AnatomyOfAFailure<br /><br />-<br />The 355 (2022)<br />Directed by Simon Kinberg, this spy thriller features Mace (Jessica Chastain), a wildcard type of CIA agent who decides to join forces with other spies to retrieve a top-secret weapon stolen by mercenaries planning to unleash global trouble. Since the weapon involves cyberspace knowhow, Mace convinces former MI6 British agent Khadijah (Lupita Nyong’o) to help since she’s a computer specialist. She also recruits Colombian psychologist Graciela (Penélope Cruz) and even a rival agent from Germany named Marie (Diane Kruger) to join the espionage team.<br />-<br />Birds of Prey (2020)<br />Director Cathy Yan’s superhero action-drama is a spin-off of 2016’s “Suicide Squad”. It stars Margot Robbie, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Ewan McGregor. After deciding to operate independently of the Joker, Harley Quinn (Robbie) teams up with Black Canary, Helena Bertinelli, and Renee Montoya to save a young girl from a contract killing that has been initiated by a brutal and narcissistic Gotham City crime lord (McGregor).<br />-<br />Charlie's Angels (2019)<br />&quot;Elena (Naomi Scott), a young engineer, unwittingly stumbles upon new government technology that could hold significant and dangerous ramifications for society. However, her discovery garners attention from the wrong sort of people, so it is up to two special operatives (Kristen Stewart and Ella Balinska) to mobilize, The 355 - The First Flop Of 2022 the 355 full movie online free 4k hd clip  everything wrong with the 355 honest trailer female led action movies flop bad movie great movie rant the 355 is bad the 355 review reaction the 355 female action movies charlie's angels birds of prey the impostor deadpool jack sparrow cruella biggest flops of 2022 how gender obsession can ruin movies protecting Elena and the future of the planet in the process.{% endraw %}
