---
title: "Bona Fides of the Marital Relationship"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/NGVe84QSZOI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "NGVe84QSZOI"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Bona Fides of the Marital Relationship","marriage case","citizenship usa"]
date: "2022-01-25T23:15:36+03:00"
vid_date: "2013-07-05T14:51:50Z"
duration: "PT7M20S"
viewcount: "5562"
likeCount: "27"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "NPZ Law Group, P.C.- Immigration News and Updates"
---
{% raw %}If you are filing for a green card based on Marriage to a U.S. Citizen or Lawful Permanent Resident, USCIS requires that you provide evidence that the marriage is bona fide or genuine.<br /><br />Your marriage must be valid where the marriage took place. In order to document this you should provide a copy of the marriage certificate.<br /><br />Unless you have a valid excuse for living apart, it is expected that a married couple live together. In order to provide proof of this you should provide a lease agreement that has both of your names on it. If you own the home, the mortgage should include both names. Copies of joint utility bills such as water and electricity should also be included. If you do not have these or you would like to provide more proof, an affidavit of a friend or relative could also state that they know that the two of you live together.<br /><br />If the marriage is genuine it is likely that you have a romantic relationship. You can document this by including copies of love letters, cards, photos of the two of you together and affidavits from friends or family. It is more helpful if these items show several different instances throughout the relationship.<br /><br />Married couples are generally expected to commingle their finances. You should include copies of joint bank accounts, joint credit card accounts, and tax returns which show that you are a married couple.<br /><br />You should include letters from each of you and from two friends or family members that can attest to your relationship. They should explain how they know you, what they know about your relationship and that they believe your relationship to be genuine. It is helpful if they mention specific things they know to support their assertion, such as the fact that they have gone on double dates or that you have met eachother's families. Letters from U.S. Citizens and LPRs are preferable to Foreign Nationals.<br /><br />You should include copies of photos. Do not just include wedding photos. Include photos from different events and time periods throughout the relationship. Include photos of the two of you alone and with eachother's friends and family.<br /><br />If either one of you have been previously married, you will need to include the divorce decree.<br /><br />================================================================<br />Utility bills addressed to the husband &amp; wife;<br />credit card statements addressed to the husband &amp; wife;<br />Medical benefit letter showing medical benefits for husband &amp; wife;<br />Beneficiary Designation Form for profit-sharing plan showing beneficiary;<br />Joint tax returns;<br />Bank Statements showing joint accounts;<br />Lease agreements/mortgage papers;<br />Photographs of husband &amp; wife together, and with children and in-laws, etc;<br />Bank/credit union statements for checking/saving account;<br />Cancelled checks on joint or separate checking accounts showing a sharing of household expenses or joint activities;<br />Credit card records showing a sharing of household expenses or join activities;<br />Love letters with envelopes;<br />Letter and cards to and from friends and relatives evidencing the relationship;<br />Postcards from vacations/trips;<br />Prenuptial agreements;<br />&quot;Who to call in an emergency&quot; documents (employment, school, etc.);<br />Wills/Trusts;<br />Airline tickets, travel itineraries, and frequent flyer memberships;<br />Hotel records;<br />Phone bills listing long distance calls;<br />Medical records (especially regarding child bearing);<br />Insurance records (health, life, auto, etc);<br />Marriage counseling records (including affidavit from counselor);<br />Car rental records;<br />Video rental joint accounts;<br />Memberships (health clubs, AOL/Compuserve, Etc.);<br />Refrigerator notes/postings;<br />E-mail records;<br />Statements from mother-in-laws and other family members If you want to learn more, please visit our website <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://visaserve.com/lawyer/Types-of-Immigration-Law_cp18202.htm">http://visaserve.com/lawyer/Types-of-Immigration-Law_cp18202.htm</a>{% endraw %}
