---
title: "HOW TO COPE WITH AN AVOIDANT PARTNER:   5 VULNERABILITIES"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/l8vcCPakbds\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "l8vcCPakbds"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["avoidant","avoidant attachment","attachment"]
date: "2022-02-27T11:23:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-23T17:43:30Z"
duration: "PT11M38S"
viewcount: "495"
likeCount: "38"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "dr. kim sage, licensed psychologist"
---
{% raw %}FREE COURSE ON IDENTIFYING CHILDHOOD EMOTIONAL ABUSE AND NEGLECT AND CHECKLIST FOR NARCISSISTIC AND BORDERLINE PARENTS:  <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://drkimsage.thinkific.com">https://drkimsage.thinkific.com</a><br /><br />This video breaks down and explains the 5 main vulnerabilities for those with an Avoidant Attachment Style, and how to cope with your partner if they have Avoidant Attachment.<br /><br />Next, we explore the steps needed to best heal and cope, alongside your Avoidant partner, also focusing on your vulnerabilities in your Attachment Style.  <br /><br />If you would like a list to access questions to ask yourself and your partner about their childhood to help understand their vulnerabilities, please see the link below:)<br /><br />Link to PDF &quot;Partner Questions:  Attachment Edition<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.drkimsage.com/online-coursestools.html">https://www.drkimsage.com/online-coursestools.html</a><br /><br />For free information:  <br /><br />www.drkimsage.com - resources and book recommendations <br />@drkimsage on Tik Tok:  <br />drkimsage.thinkific.com.   Online Course, Private Healing Community, Free Course and Free Checklist <br /><br />  <br />  <br />*****COURSE:*******<br /><br />BORDERLINE AND NARCISSISTIC PARENTS:  HEALING AND DEALING WITH YOUR TRAUMA<br /><br />**Course Includes: <br /><br />74 lessons<br />31 Video Lessons<br />100 Page Workbook<br />6 Guided Meditations<br />Screen Recording of the 100 Page Workbook<br />Journal Prompts<br />Exercises<br />**Access to Private Healing Community with me:). (Videos, posts, connecting with like minded others in community focused on healing childhood trauma and relationships)<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />*****COURSE.****<br /><br />RE-MOTHERED:  TRANSFORMING YOUR WOUNDED INNER CHILD INTO AN INTERNALIZED, LOVING MOTHER.  (USING TECHNIQUES IN NURTURING, SOOTHING AND SAFETY)<br /><br />**Course Includes:<br /><br />26 lessons<br />15 Video Lessons<br />30 Page Workbook<br />8 Guided Meditations <br />Screen Recording of 30 Page Workbook<br />Exercises<br />Journal Prompts<br />**Access to Private Healing Community with me:). ((Videos, posts, connecting with like minded others in community focused on healing childhood trauma and relationships)<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />***FREE COURSE***<br /><br /> INVISIBLE WOUNDS:  IDENTIFYING CHILDHOOD EMOTIONAL ABUSE AND NEGLECT &amp;<br />FREE CHECKLIST:  IDENTIFYING PARENTS WITH BORDERLINE AND NARCISSISTIC TRAITS<br /><br />29 lessons<br />Mini-Workbook<br />Journal Prompts<br />Screen Recording of Mini-Workbook<br />Safe Place Guided Meditation<br /><br /><br />***ALL COURSES INCLUDE VIDEOS, WORKBOOKS (INCLUDING VIDEO SCREEN RECORDS OF WORKBOOK PAGES) EXERCISES, JOURNALS, GUIDED MEDITATIONS <br /><br />*****Paid courses include enrollment in PRIVATE LEARNING AND SUPPORT COMMUNITY<br /> on Thinkific with me.:)<br /><br /><br />***Please note!  I am so sorry but my practice is full at this time and I cannot accept new patients.  If you would like to be added to my waitlist, please email me at drsagehelp@gmail.com and I will email you only when a spot becomes available.  I cannot guarantee a spot will open, however, so please know I care very much, but am limited at this time given my case load.  Additionally, I am only able to work with California residents for weekly therapy once available.  If you are interested, please also add in a few brief details in your email including your reasons for seeking treatment, current diagnoses, concerns, etc.<br /><br />Thank you so very much - I truly and sincerely appreciate you, and the time and thoughts you share here:){% endraw %}
