---
title: "HAPPY OL' McWEASEL - Last Good Chance (Official)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/chra73tEU_Q\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "chra73tEU_Q"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["HAPPY","McWEASEL","Chance"]
date: "2022-04-27T01:45:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-22T09:00:13Z"
duration: "PT4M41S"
viewcount: "13562"
likeCount: "383"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "HAPPY OL' McWEASEL"
---
{% raw %}LYRICS:<br /><br />Chosen words that can’t describe,<br />All the feelings I keep inside,<br />But still you’re doing fine,<br />While my eyes go blind.<br /><br />(And) You know my heart is hurt,<br />You know truth needs to be told,<br />It’s our last goodbye,<br />Now don’t you cry.<br /><br />I walked through your streets of lies,<br />(Through your streets of lies)!<br />Not worth any of them them miles,<br />Like fake roses in disguise!!!<br /><br />Well I came here to find comfort, <br />All I found was searing truth, <br />With a heart beat that can't remember,<br />What it was like when I was being true,<br />All those memories from photographs,<br />My mind had set the fuse,<br />All I know is how to lose!<br /><br />Oh let me tell you what I think…<br />Sure I’ll keep this faded ink,<br />And… Let the memories stay,<br />Well… what do you say?<br /><br />All those stories we made real,<br />They do have some kind of appeal,<br />That’s how I truly feel,<br />Now (that) my heart is healed. <br /><br />Once all the stars were kept aligned,<br />(Through your streets of lies)!<br />And all our struggles put aside,<br />Yeah love is kinda blind!<br /><br />Well I came here to find comfort, <br />All I found was searing truth, <br />With a heart beat that can't remember,<br />What it was like when I was being true,<br />All those memories from photographs,<br />My mind had set the fuse,<br />All I know is how to lose!<br />Is how to lose!<br /><br />Well I came here to find comfort, <br />All I found was searing truth, <br />With a heart beat that can't remember,<br />What it was like when I was being true,<br />All those memories from photographs,<br />My mind had set the fuse,<br />All I know is how to lose!<br /><br />Well I came here to find comfort, <br />All I found was searing truth, <br />With a heart beat that can't remember,<br />What it was like when I was being true,<br />All those memories from photographs,<br />My mind had set the fuse,<br />All I know is how to lose!<br />All I know is how to lose!<br /><br />---------------<br /><br />CREDITS:<br /><br />Music by HAPPY OL’ McWEASEL<br />Music recorded at: Epix Productions<br /><br />Video:<br />Written and Directed by Nikolaj Vodošek <br />www.nikolajvodosek.com<br /><br />Director of Photography: Rok Kajzer Nagode<br />AC: Maja Štojs<br />Light Designer: David Andrej Francky<br />Editors: Lukas Miheljak, Nikolaj Vodošek<br />Digital Intermediate: NuFrame<br />Colourist: Erik Margan<br />VFX: Luka Kastelic<br />Sound Designer: Danilo Kapel<br />Stylist: Nadja Bedjanič <br />Make-up Artist: Stanka Skledar<br />Executive Producer: Niko Turk<br /><br />Produced by: Nikolaj Vodošek &amp; Rok Kajzer Nagode &amp; Niko Turk<br /><br />Special thanks to:<br />Dvorec Štatenberg, Peter Kociper (www.dvorecstatenberg.si)<br />Zavod za kulturo Slovenska Bistrica, Herta Žagar (www.zavod-ksb.si)<br />Hotel Leonardo (www.h-leonardo.com)<br />Marcel Pintarič, Avtoodpad Pintarič (www.avtolom.si , www.avtoodpad-maribor.si)<br /><br />Katja Breznik (Optika Alfa plus), E.Leclerc Maribor, Matic Kašnik in fundus SNG Maribor, Rihard Bandelj, Mojca Bernjak, Ven Jemeršič, NuFrame, DAF Lighting, Valter Čurin, Agim Bahtijaraj, Magdalena Turk, Ribiška družina Štatenberg, Š-Tisk Matic Šerbelj, Bine Bizilj, Nina Vodošek Hojs.{% endraw %}
