---
title: "A Reward Code like this totally Satisfying!!! [Honkai v5.5]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/m1u9E3h7Who\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "m1u9E3h7Who"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["Reward","totally","Satisfying!!!"]
date: "2022-02-03T01:30:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-01T01:56:02Z"
duration: "PT1M12S"
viewcount: "23596"
likeCount: "944"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Nocte Vertunum Gaming"
---
{% raw %}NOCTE VERTUNUM DISCORD<br />Discord Link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://discord.gg/dHRUF8BnXf">https://discord.gg/dHRUF8BnXf</a><br /><br />#honkaiimpact3rd<br />#honkaiv5.5<br /><br />GAME TYPE<br />ACGN, Action<br /><br />PLATFORM<br />Android / iOS<br />Windows (CBT ver 3.2)<br />Consoles (Unconfirmed)<br /><br />ENGINE<br />Unity 2017<br />Audiokinetic Wwise<br />DEVELOPMENT TEAM<br />miHoYo Shanghai<br />PUBLISHER<br />China: miHoYo Network Technology<br />Japan: miHoYo Inc<br />Taiwan: 品玩邦<br />Korea: miHoYo Limited<br />Asia: miHoYo Limited<br />Global: miHoYo Limited<br /><br />PUBLISH DATE<br />China: October 14, 2016<br />Japan: February 16, 2017<br />Taiwan: May 18, 2017<br />Korea: October 17, 2017<br />Asia: November 1, 2017<br />Global: March 28, 2018<br /><br />Game Introduction<br />On earth, a catastrophe known as the &quot;Honkai&quot; has plagued mankind throughout history.<br />The Honkai was created alongside civilization, and creatures known as the &quot;Honkai beasts&quot;, deadwalkers, as well as a paranormal humanoid - The Herrscher - were born within it.<br />To fight the Honkai invasion, mankind created an organization, called the Schicksal. This organization was assembled by mankind as a means of resistance against the Honkai. Its creation also marked the beginning of a war, an eternal battle where no side has claimed victory. The fighting has continued to this day...<br />Up until year 2013, when the 3rd Honkai War broke out in eastern Nagazora...<br /><br />New game introduction<br />Hyperion, command system switched to the battle bridge.<br />Auxiliary engine energy rises rapidly and begins to deliver ignition power to the main engine, which is 5% from the threshold.<br />Announce the whole ship, enter the ignition countdown, 10, 9, 8...<br />The download button finally unlocks the bolt, breaks the impact, and starts!<br /><br />Wait, Ai-Chan has just captured an amazing name! Cecilia!<br />Even know the name of the most powerful female Valkyrie in the history of Gods, as a human being, Captain is really amazing.<br />Ey~ Ha~ Ha~This reminds me of Ai-Chan. Let me see what Captain knows about top secret information.<br />&quot;In order to make the next generation cartoon rendering, LiuWei sold his three sets of villas to make a completely 3D free perspective game!&quot;<br />So, in order to be a good captain, you need to work hard~ For you, this person, Ai-Chan know a little bit of.<br /><br />...What, Captain actually questioned the strength of Ai-Chan as the most popular idol?!<br />Yes, yes, I admit, I don't like the sister Mei make lunch for the captain, I'm not cute like Kiana, no fox ears like Theresa, playing games will occasionally lose to Bronya... Ok, okay, there is no such thing as Himeko... Captain, your eyes are staring at Major Himeko! Oops~ I really didn't expect that you were such a captain!<br />In short, no matter what I don't care, love the world is the first cute!<br />Wait, wait, the captain must not tell this to Theresa the schoolmaster!<br /><br />PC Edition<br />Game Engine<br /><br />Houkai 3rd use Unity as their game engine, in addition the rendering shader is modified to fit with mobile devices. To support PC devices, the team have upgraded to newer engine version 2017.4.18f12<br />Current known engine version used:<br /><br />5.3.6p5 (ver 1.0)<br />2017.4.3f1 (Unreleased, maybe testing ver)<br />2017.4.18f12 (ver 3.2)<br /><br />PC vs Mobile<br /><br />FeaturesPCMobileNoticeUltra Resolution✔️❌150% ResolutionHigh Framerate✔️❌Unlimited FPS on PC using PCGamingWiki guide.Controller support✔️❌XBO and DS4 controller supportTexture packPC Edition<br />Mobile High<br />Mobile Lite (Removed)<br />PC Edition comes with better color compression than mobile oneGraphic APIDirectX 11OpenGL ES 2There shouldn't be any noticeable performance changes.<br /><br />Does not work with newer version start from 3.5<br />A handy program can handle mod files and modify in-game resources including Unity game resources and wise audio resources.<br />There are 2 modes non-root (Virtual XPosed) and root (change game data directly).<br />If you use non-root mode you can't login Google Play or any other logins that require external app.<br />Source code: Unity Mod Manager<br />APK download: Unity Mod Manager releases<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.miHoYo.bh3oversea">https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.miHoYo.bh3oversea</a>{% endraw %}
