---
title: "I’m Still Here \/\/ Here Is Holy (Part 4) \/\/ Michael Todd"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/6ntECA5RPgw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "6ntECA5RPgw"
categories: "Nonprofits-Activism"
tags: ["Transformation Church","Represent","Michael Todd"]
date: "2022-02-15T10:56:51+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-13T23:05:50Z"
duration: "PT1H49M5S"
viewcount: "60010"
likeCount: "2927"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Transformation Church"
---
{% raw %}How did we get here? What led us to where we are today? Life can be exhausting, and we’ve all been through things. But we only get here if God was faithful back there. Pastor Mike teaches us how we can look back on God’s faithfulness there to encourage us to be faithful here. <br /><br />#HereIsHoly #ImStillHere #Faithful #ThereToHere<br /><br />Join us for service every Sunday at 11am (CST) and weekly for NoonDay Prayer at 12pm (CST).<br /><br />If you received Christ through this message, text SAVED to 828282.<br /><br />We would love to hear how God is touching your life through this ministry!  Tell us your story by emailing mystory@transformchurch.us!<br /><br />If you would like to support TC financially you can give through the TC app, or online through our website by clicking here <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://transformchurch.us/give/.">https://transformchurch.us/give/.</a>  You can also Text ‘TCGIVE’ to 77977.<br /><br />If you need prayer, email prayer@transformchurch.us!<br /><br />For more information about Transformation Church, visit transformchurch.us.<br /><br />00:00 - Intro<br />13:00 - Here Is Holy definition<br />20:22 - I am here &amp; because God is here, Here is Holy<br />25:10 - You only get HERE if God was faithful back THERE<br />27:06 - The power of HERE is revealed by your history<br />30:12 - Exodus chapter 3 verses 5 &amp; 6<br />32:32 - The Equation of HERE: YOU + GRACE x MERCY = HERE<br />34:54 - Lamentations chapter 3 verses 22 &amp; 23<br />43:56 - God’s purpose doesn’t consider your pedigree<br />44:59 - Exodus chapter 1 verses 8 through 10 &amp; 22<br />45:45 - Exodus chapter 2 verses 1 through 3<br />46:36 - Exodus chapter 2 verse 2<br />46:45 - The enemy’s attack is proof of your anointing<br />53:09 - Hebrews chapter 11 verse 23<br />58:20 - Exodus chapter 2 verse 3<br />58:34 - You don’t get HERE without being hidden<br />01:00:50 - What God is cutting away will be the reason you are recognized<br />01:05:45 - Hebrews chapter 11 verse 24<br />01:07:27 - As long as you’re called, there will always be a conflict between Kingdom &amp; culture<br />01:10:41 - Your foundation does not have to limit your transformation<br />01:12:45 - Romans chapter 12 verse 2<br />01:18:55 - The world’s imprint doesn’t have to stay in place… it can be changed in His presence<br />01:20:22 - Hebrews chapter 12 verse 25<br />01:20:50 - Choosing your calling will always come with consequences… but it also comes with a crown<br />01:26:48 - Exodus chapter 2 verses 11 &amp; 12<br />01:27:17 - The right conviction with a lack of character always kills something<br />01:27:52 - Exodus chapter 2 verses 2 &amp; 3<br />01:28:26 - Could it be that the fire is a sign of God’s faithfulness<br />01:34:02 - God is trying to turn  your question intro praise{% endraw %}
