---
title: "If You Think That People Are Behaving Badly Around You, Then Bring This In Your Life! Sadhguru"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/KaR2Usa08p4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "KaR2Usa08p4"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Maanav","Sadhguru","Sadhguru videos"]
date: "2022-01-18T04:08:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-04-14T14:00:06Z"
duration: "PT19M42S"
viewcount: "242938"
likeCount: "3842"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Eternal Life"
---
{% raw %}In this video, I talk about the essence of all Spiritual Tradition, which is to walk the tight rope of Now. If you have a close look at all the Spiritual Traditions that are currently present in the world, you will find that it's the Zen Buddhism, which lays maximum stress on the importance of living in the present Moment!!! So much so that when a new guy comes to join the monastery to lead the life of a monk, he is asked, are you ready to walk the razor's edge of the Present Moment, are you ready to walk the tight rope of the Present Moment!!!So you see, for the monks living in the Zen Monastery, there is nothing more important than what happens in the space of Present Moment, there is nothing more important than what life brings to them in the Present Moment!!! But for majority of people in this world, the case is just the opposite, for them, there is nothing more important than past and future, their whole attention is either in the past or in the future, you can easily see that in the conversation that people have, you will find them talking about the things that happened to them in the past, or the things which they think, will happen to them in the future, they don't at all give any attention whatsoever to the Present Moment, they just can't see, they just can't realize that Present Moment is life itself, it's God Himself, and it's this Moment alone which has the power to solve all their problems, this moment alone has the power to destroy all their suffering!!! but they seem to miss this simple obvious fact all the time! In the scriptures The Present Moment has been called the abode of God!!! The great Sufi Saint Rumi, said, Past and future hide God from our sight, so burn both of them by the fire of Awareness!!! now How does past and future hide God, if you look closely, you will find that past and future are nothing but thought forms, they exist only in thoughts, they are not existential at all, so when you think about past and future, you create thoughts within yourself, and then these thoughts cover up the Awareness, the Consciousness within you, Thoughts are like clouds which cover up the Sun of Consciousness, so this is how the past and future take you away from the ever present Divine Reality! Even the Thirteenth Century Spiritual master, Meister Eckhart, said, and he said it so beautifully, time is what keeps the light from reaching us, there is no greater obstacle to God than time!!! and by time he meant past and future!!! For more, kindly watch my video!<br /><br />Rights of this video belong to Eternal Life Channel.<br /><br />▶Footage licensed through:<br />Videoblocks <br /><br />▶Copyright Disclaimer: <br />I own the commercial license for all the content used in this video.<br /><br />I've used Sadhguru's content in my video with his kind permission.<br /><br />About Sadhguru:<br />Sadhguru, a yogi and profound mystic of our times, is a visionary humanitarian and a prominent spiritual leader. A contemporary Guru, rooted as strongly in mundane and pragmatic matters as he is in inner experience and wisdom. Sadhguru works tirelessly towards the physical, mental, and spiritual well-being of all. His mastery of the mechanisms of life, an outcome of his profound experience of the Self, guides in exploring the subtler dimensions of life.<br /><br />Subscribe to Sadhguru's channel here:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/user/sadhguru">https://www.youtube.com/user/sadhguru</a><br /><br />Thank you for watching!{% endraw %}
