---
title: "2023 Ford Ranger Raptor - Gorgeous Pickup Truck"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/XtD-xboZfUI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "XtD-xboZfUI"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["ford ranger raptor","ford f 150","test drive"]
date: "2022-04-30T09:15:14+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-22T19:41:30Z"
duration: "PT8M46S"
viewcount: "317838"
likeCount: "3171"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "CAR CHNL"
---
{% raw %}Developed by Ford Performance, the Next-Gen Ranger Raptor is the ultimate performance derivative of the all-new Ford Ranger. With smarter technology controlling tougher, next‑generation hardware, Ranger Raptor blends raw power with mechanical and technical precision to create the most advanced Ranger ever.<br /><br />European Ranger enthusiasts have special reason to celebrate as the all-new Ranger Raptor is the first model from the Next-Gen Ranger line-up to be launched in Europe, with customer deliveries starting in the final quarter of 2022.<br /><br />The Raptor’s imminent arrival in Europe is marked by an all-action stunt video, 3 which shows the vehicle leaping from a cargo plane in order to arrive on time for its European launch.<br /><br /><br />More power to play<br />The biggest news for performance fans is the introduction of an all-new twin-turbo 3.0-litre EcoBoost V6 petrol engine tuned by Ford Performance to produce a targeted 288 PS and 491 Nm of torque.<br /><br />The twin-turbo 3.0-litre EcoBoost V6 engine boasts a compacted graphite-iron cylinder block, which is around 75 per cent stronger and up to 75 per cent stiffer than the iron used in traditional castings. Ford Performance ensured the engine delivers immediate response to throttle inputs, and a race-bred anti-lag system similar to that first seen on the Ford GT road car and Focus ST enables rapid delivery of boost on demand.<br /><br />The new anti-lag system, available in Baja mode, keeps the turbochargers spinning for up to three seconds after the driver backs off the throttle, allowing for faster resumption of acceleration out of corners or through the gears when the driver steps back on the accelerator. In addition, the engine is programmed with an individual turbocharging boost profile for each of the advanced 10-speed automatic transmission’s gears, for optimised performance.<br /><br />“The 3.0-litre engine brings a different dynamic to the Ranger Raptor that will satisfy even the most hardcore performance enthusiast,” Burn said. “The acceleration and raw performance of the new powertrain leave you grinning from ear-to-ear.”<br /><br />Ranger Raptor’s new powertrain delivers effortless acceleration on gravel, dirt, mud and sand. To match this comprehensive performance, an electronically‑controlled active exhaust system amplifies the engine note in four selectable modes enabling Ranger Raptor to adapt its vocal character.<br /><br />Drivers can choose their preferred engine sound by pressing a button on the steering wheel, or by selecting a drive mode that uses one of the following settings:<br /><br />Quiet – prioritises quietness over performance and sound to keep the peace with neighbours on early mornings<br /><br />Normal – intended for everyday use, this profile offers an exhaust note with presence while not being too loud for street use. This profile is applied by default to Normal, Slippery, Mud/Ruts, and Rock Crawl drive modes<br /><br />Sport – offers a louder and more dynamic note<br />Baja – the most striking exhaust profile in both volume and note, in Baja mode the exhaust behaves more like a straight-through system. Intended for off-road use only.<br /><br />On-road<br />Normal – designed for comfort and fuel efficiency<br />Sport – more responsive for spirited on-road driving<br />Slippery – for more confident driving on slippery or uneven surfaces<br /> <br />Off-road<br />Rock crawl – for optimum control in very low speed driving over extreme rocky and uneven terrain<br />Sand – optimises gearchanges and power delivery for progress in sand and deep snow<br />Mud/Ruts – for maximum grip during launch and maintaining vehicle momentum<br />Baja – sets all systems to maximum attack for peak high-speed off-road performance<br /><br />Next-Gen Ranger Raptor also features Trail Control, which is like cruise control for off‑roading. 2 The driver simply selects a set speed below 32 km/h and the vehicle will manage its acceleration and braking while the driver concentrates on steering through difficult terrain.<br /><br />The current 2.0-litre EcoBlue bi‑turbo diesel engine will continue to be available in the Next-Gen Ranger Raptor from 2023, with further details available closer to launch.<br /><br />1:25 Exterior<br />3:26 Luggage<br />3:41 Engine<br />3:57 interior<br />6:26 Test drive, Driving{% endraw %}
