---
title: "Bitcoin in March, Sell ETH? CryptoBOTS, Staking $GOOG vs $TSLA, Covered Calls, Paypal Wallet +"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/B8e9MNINx7Y\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "B8e9MNINx7Y"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["tesla vs google","pypl stock","bitcoin news"]
date: "2022-02-14T14:21:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-13T19:57:38Z"
duration: "PT40M44S"
viewcount: "66583"
likeCount: "4677"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "InvestAnswers"
---
{% raw %}#Bitcoin #Ethereum #TSLAvsGOOG #OptionsStrategy #CoveredCalls #SOFI #Staking #FX<br />💰Celsius IA PROMO Code get $60 in Bitcoin with $400 deposit:  IA60 (new customers only) see how here  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ibb.co/zRd6fqr">https://ibb.co/zRd6fqr</a> or <br />💰Celsius IA Referral Code get $50 with $400 deposit:  1315105ca2  (new customers only)<br />💰Voyager Deposit $100 to get $25 of free Bitcoin. Use code CB91C1 or this link to claim your BTC: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://voyager.onelink.me/WNly/refer...">https://voyager.onelink.me/WNly/refer...</a> <br />💰Tradingview referral link $30 off: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://tradingview.com/?offer_id=10&amp;...">https://tradingview.com/?offer_id=10&amp;...</a><br />💰FTX USA: Save on trades FTX referral link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ftx.us/#a=6600802">https://ftx.us/#a=6600802</a> 10% Savings on Fees<br />💰FTX ALL OTHER COUNTRIES: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ftx.com/referrals#a=78091443">https://ftx.com/referrals#a=78091443</a> 10% Savings on Fees<br /><br />00:00 Introduction<br />00:50 I believe you mentioned March being a typically bearish month for BTC. With taking more profits this year, is this something you will plan at month end?<br />01:20 Bitcoin Bleeds in March<br />01:56 Bitcoin Historical Returns<br /><br />02:26 If Bitcoin is digital energy and if energy becomes free in the future (as Jeff Booth thinks might happen) is there the possibility of Bitcoin losing value?<br />02:40 Saylor - Bitcoin Digital Energy <br />02:58 Saylor - Bitcoin Digital Energy <br />04:00 Civilization Is Getting Smarter<br /><br />04:51 If Google or Shopify are not expected to match the growth rate of Tesla, why not just all in Tesla? Thoughts on allocating to these positions?<br />05:10 Google Price Target 2025<br />06:00 Google vs Tesla Price Targets 2025<br /><br />08:50 I’m writing covered calls at a .10 delta because I’m not great at calling tops. Am I leaving too much on the table? It’s worked well so far.<br />09:20 CC’s at 0.1 Delta<br />10:00 SOFI CC at 0.1 Delta<br />10:36 SOFI CC at 0.2 Delta<br />10:50 SOFI CC at 0.3 Delta<br />11:20 SOFI Chart - 6 Week Plan<br />12:20 SOFI CC Conclusion<br />13:00 SOFI Profit Loss Chart<br /><br />13:40 I have most of my BTC on PayPal and rather regret it. Will they ever let me transfer it or should I sell it and buy it on an exchange?<br />14:10 Empty Promises so far since 2020<br />14:25 Paypal Plan B<br /><br />15:10 Which platform is the best for earning interest on your crypto in your opinion? (BTC, ETH, SOL– not necessarily staking)<br />15:20 Factors to Consider<br /><br />17:30 ETH is my second largest holding... sell off original investment $ and reinvest in? Or hold?<br />18:10 ETH Sell or HODL <br />18:40 ETH Chart Downside 20% Upside 60%<br /><br />20:00 Staking rewards shows the value of staked SOL to be higher than the market cap of SOL, any thoughts?<br />20:10 Marketcap - Circulating supply of coins, captures free-<br /><br />21:00 Does the recent Wormhole hack make you less confident in bridges? More bullish on inter chains like Cosmos and Polkadot?<br />21:10 Wormhole Hack<br /><br />23:46 What do you think about using Crypto Bots as part of your investment strategy?<br />24:10 Be Cautious<br /><br />26:00 Your Contributions, Our Donations - Reptile Week starring Big Al<br /><br />27:26 Open Q&amp;A <br />Hell_Sparrow <br />What do you think of yearn.finance? it has big price but very low volume. <br /><br />28:50 MT<br />What is a good exchange to trade Helium(HNT)? <br /><br />29:35 Crypto Creed<br />I am planning to increase my ETH position from 25% to 33% of my portfolio. Thoughts please. My BTC position is 50%<br /><br />31:00 trustno1<br />What's the supply shock factor to price if the majority of people start borrowing against Bitcoin for Fiat instead of selling?<br /><br />32:40 Julien D'Amours<br />Can you short the US dollar and if so, would it be a perfect time to do it ?<br /><br />33:50 BT_21<br />Do you see Apple’s plans for tap-to-pay feature on iPhones as a threat to Block?<br /><br />35:20 Monkybonobogorilla<br />In general, when big money starts buying an asset how long do they hold and what percentage growth are they aiming for?Do you see Apple’s plans for tap-to-pay feature on iPhones as a threat to Block?<br /><br />36:41 Alex<br />I capitulated and sold a bunch of Bitcoin...and with it I bought a bunch of SOL @ 115. I'm a bit worried. Will I be ok if I HODL?<br /><br />Thanks for your donation:<br />Jeff Hammer<br />T&amp;D Tesla<br />Orca In a Pod<br />Dog-1{% endraw %}
