---
title: "The \"World's First Ever Solid State Swappable EV Battery\" Is Here!!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/MpdpeMec-qg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "MpdpeMec-qg"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["tesla","elon musk","tesla news"]
date: "2022-04-15T22:47:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-12T15:12:58Z"
duration: "PT10M6S"
viewcount: "11368"
likeCount: "258"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Tesla Domain"
---
{% raw %}Covering the topics of Solid State Battery, World First Swappable Solid State Battery, Gogoro, Quantumscape, and more!<br /><br />Don´t forget to leave your comments below and to support the channel by liking the video and subscribing. Thanks!<br /><br />Subscribe To The Tesla Domain ➡ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2ECNiWk">https://bit.ly/2ECNiWk</a><br /><br />WATCH NEXT 👇<br /><br />✅ The &quot;World’s Highest Density Battery&quot; Is Here!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/yqtCtwA5N-Q">https://youtu.be/yqtCtwA5N-Q</a><br /><br />🔥 RELATED VIDEOS:<br /><br />✅ These New Perovskite Solar Cells Can Revolutionize The Energy Industry!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/qXvMWTqoVaw">https://youtu.be/qXvMWTqoVaw</a><br /><br />✅ This Startup Is About To Revolutionize Hydrogen Storage For EVs!!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/RIb4d393AaI">https://youtu.be/RIb4d393AaI</a><br /><br />✅ GAMECHANGER!! Watch Out For This 100% Silicon Nanowire Battery Tech!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/w9hS8nf_pQg">https://youtu.be/w9hS8nf_pQg</a><br /><br />✅ This Startup Is Taking HUGE Steps For Scaling Up Its NEW Lithium Metal Battery!!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/GoU_H1ZKSa0">https://youtu.be/GoU_H1ZKSa0</a><br /><br />Swappable batteries are now the latest trend in the Electric vehicle industry and the concept is definitely catching on. But going beyond just swappable batteries is Taiwanese company Gogoro who for the first time has brought out the first ever solid-state swappable battery and that is a big two in one deal because not only will it push forward the agenda of swappable batteries, it will make the trend even more powerful than ever.<br />Happy days for the EV market, swap your battery is now here<br />The EV battery market has never had it so good. Gone are the days when Tesla dominated everything from cars to batteries. With new start-ups and older tech companies churning out path breaking discoveries in electric battery tech, it’s a happy day for the electric consumer and the planet too. Gogoro is not a new name, they’ve been around for eleven years, but what’s with this swapping business, can you actually swap a battery? Well, thanks to Gogoro apparently you can. It was Gogoro who way back in 2016 created a unique subscription based swappable battery platform initially for electric scooters, mopeds and motorcycles where riders could swap their discharged batteries at kiosks for newly charged ones and that is seriously music to the ears of any consumer. The trend took off from the word go and exploded into a market of 370, 000 riders as of April 2021. With over 175 million battery swaps under its belt, Gogoro was also awarded the 2020 Global Company of the Year Award.<br />Now a solid-state battery<br />But hey, no company ever stops at one do they, and Gogoro has been continuously researching new ways to further improve their impact on the EV industry and voila, their eureka moment has arrived. The company has now unveiled its first major milestone in the form of the world's first swappable solid-state EV battery. <br /><br />___________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />🤩 The Tesla Domain is the Number 1 channel to go when you want to be up to date with the latest Tesla news, rumors, and insights. Covering everything related to Elon Musk, Tesla, Space X, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Hyperloop, and the EV industry as a whole! We post videos about every Tesla vehicle, including the Cybertruck, Model 3, Model Y, Model S, Model X, Semi, Roadster, and all the other upcoming EVs from different car manufacturers! <br />___________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />🥸 Disclaimer: All the information provided on this channel and/or videos is of general nature and for entertainment purposes only, and you should use it as a place to start your own research. All reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the information provided, working with sources that we believe to be reliable, but subject to change at any time, without notice.<br />___________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />🗣 Copyright Disclaimer: Section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Act states: “Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright.” <br /><br />This video could contain certain copyrighted video clips, pictures, or photographs that were not specifically authorized to be used by the copyright holder(s), but which we believe in good faith are protected by federal law and the fair use doctrine for one or more of the reasons noted above.<br /><br />For copyright issues or business inquires please contact us at successpillyt@gmail.com<br /><br />#elonmusk #tesla #thetesladomain{% endraw %}
