---
title: "3 Things Keeping you TRAPPED in the 3rd Dimension and you don't even know it"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/EbgJ-cECcjM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "EbgJ-cECcjM"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["3 things keeping you trapped in the 3rd dimension and you don't even know it","the third dimension","trapped in 3d"]
date: "2022-02-19T09:34:27+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-04-07T17:30:02Z"
duration: "PT20M12S"
viewcount: "36323"
likeCount: "2389"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Aaron Doughty"
---
{% raw %}Many people are trapped in the third dimension due to their focus, emotions and energy.  The key is learning how to break out the matrix to then experience higher levels of consciousness.  We are spiritual beings having temporary human experiences and when we wake up to this, we wake up from the mass hypnosis of social conditioning which keeps us in a narrow frequency band of experience.  In this video I will show you how to break out of it.  <br /><br />➡ For my Guided Meditation MP3 on raising your vibrational set-point Click Below…<br />➡ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2DjkxZu">http://bit.ly/2DjkxZu</a><br /><br />➡For my 7 Day Law of Attraction Morning routine Course Click below<br />➡ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2ESuSPq">http://bit.ly/2ESuSPq</a><br /><br />➡Click here for the Law of Attraction Accelerator Program (limited discount)<br />➡ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2oPX10s">http://bit.ly/2oPX10s</a><br /><br />#lawofattraction #spirituality #awakening<br /><br /><br />This video, I'm going to be sharing with you the three things, keeping you trapped in the third dimension and you don't even know what I'm going to show you. Ways of breaking out of it so that you start to live in a higher level of consciousness. Welcome back to another video. My name is Aaron and I help people expand their consciousness. Now in this video I'm going to be sharing with you those three things that will keep you trapped in the third dimensional state of consciousness. Understanding it's easier to break out than you think and that when you do this, you start to also feel higher vibrational states of consciousness, me and you feel better emotions. So right now on the planet, in case you haven't seen my other videos about it, is there is this ascension going on, this raise in vibrational frequency and what is priorly? <br /><br />The main dominant frequency on the planet has been what is called the third dimension. Now understand also when we call it the talk about dimensions. Dimensions aren't separate places. It's not like we're in the three d reality right now in the third dimension. And then we had set it up to the fifth dimension and it's a completely different space, completely different like planet or anything. It's literally here and we have access to a three d level of consciousness afford the level of consciousness and a five d level of consciousness. This is in a way, it's like a frequency band of different levels of perception that we can experience. Now, the main dominant frequency on the planet for a very long time was the three d reality, that third dimensional state of consciousness and this three d reality is all about duality. Duality means good, bad light, dark. <br /><br />Think of duality as creating from the mind. The mind is left brain, right brain. It was polarized, so left brain, right brain, good and bad, light, dark up down, Republican, Democrat, this sports team, this sports team, oh, whatever it is. There's all this polarization going on now in the three d reality as well. There's this strong attachment to ideologies and there's also normally a strong degree of control, so there's been a certain level of control on the planet for a very long time. We're, the media has been in a certain way, you know, fabricated to where we believe this is the way reality is. And you could almost think of it like these lower vibrational emotions such as shame, fear, guilt, anger. The idea is that if people are kept in that frequency range of everything you see on the news is you know there's bad stuff happening and then you'll think the world is bad and you'll be in the fear mode for in a fear mode. <br /><br />You're not going to really ask about a spiritual awakening. You're not really going to understand and try to branch outside of where you are because you're in survival mode. So keep everyone in that these frequency band and they won't really question too much by the time they get done with their nine to five job, working over 40 hours a week trying to get their errands ran on their days off, taking care of their family and everything. They sit down at night and what do they have the options to do. They can either watch some game of Thrones TV show or they can question the existence of reality and wonder how reality really works, but you see if you're kept in that frequency band of the fear mentality of the news, that's why everything on the news is negative because it keeps people in that fear mentality that it keeps people unaware of who they are, but now on the planet as a time of waking up. <br /><br />In order to do that, you had to disengage from that. You got to disengage from the news, disengage and understand there's more to reality than what is projected out to us. So Three d reality is being aware of that but not being angry about it as well. I'll talk a little bit about...<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Song<br />Adventures by A Himitsu <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://soundcloud.com/a-himitsu">https://soundcloud.com/a-himitsu</a><br />Creative Commons — Attribution 3.0 Unported— CC BY 3.0 <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/b...">http://creativecommons.org/licenses/b...</a><br />Music released by Argofox <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/8BXNwnxaVQE">https://youtu.be/8BXNwnxaVQE</a><br />Music provided by Audio Library <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/MkNeIUgNPQ8">https://youtu.be/MkNeIUgNPQ8</a>{% endraw %}
