---
title: "Abraham Hicks Guided Meditation for Getting into the Vortex (Most Powerful Meditation)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1az1Zl1RGbY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1az1Zl1RGbY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["abraham hicks","law of attraction","meditation"]
date: "2022-05-17T08:55:06+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-09-24T17:30:00Z"
duration: "PT25M44S"
viewcount: "288545"
likeCount: "6643"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Aaron Doughty"
---
{% raw %}This video is the most most powerful Abraham Hicks Guided Meditation for Getting into the Vortex ever made...<br /><br />Meditation is at 10:30<br /><br /> Transcript below.... <br /><br />In this video, I'm going to share with you a guided meditation for getting into the Vortex inspired by Abraham picks this video I think can totally transform your life and allow you to be in the vibration that you prefer in the easiest way possible. Welcome back to another video. My name is Aaron and I help people expand their consciousness. Now in this video I'm going to be sharing with you and Abraham Hicks guided meditation that I think will totally transform your life, and the reason I say that is because the principles that I share in this meditation have transformed my own life. Now, understanding what the vortex is, understanding how we can get into it is the key to us experiencing a totally new reality when that goes beyond having to try hard, when that goes beyond having to re create resistance along the way, and when you understand the vortex, you understand manifestation all together. <br /><br />Now, in order to do this, what I want to do is I'm going to do a quick demonstration of exactly what the vortex is explained in such a simplistic way that I think you'll really begin to understand it because a lot of times when we hear it talked about, we can kind of get it, but to feel into it and understand it's totally different thing and I believe that this will help you to do that. Then we're going to move into the meditation that I think if you listen to for 21 days will totally transform your life. I think you'll begin to merge with yourself in a completely new way. The real part of who you are and that as you do that, you find that things happen easier than ever. Now, first off, just to explain this, just to give us a little bit of basis when we're in a certain state of being. <br /><br />When we are in a higher vibrational state of being, we manifest things easier than ever when we are trying to create from a paradigm of lack. When we are creating from a lower vibration, it takes a lot more energy to make things happen and we create a lot of resistance and blocks along the way. That's why when most people have the intention of having and getting certain things in their life, they'll experience blocks. It's because they're coming at it from a place of lack. They're coming at it from a place as if that over there. It's going to make me feel better, but the truth is we can make ourselves feel the way that we prefer right now in the present moment by understanding our emotions in a new way. Now let's look at this of our goals and that of the vortex like this. <br /><br />I'm going to use my handy dandy notebook here to show you, but imagine that this is us and what we want to do is we want to create what we want in our life. Now in general, we always get in life that which is equal to the vibration that we are putting out. Now, when we think of that about it from the higher vibrational point of view, I'm going to go ahead and put a charge right over here that you're going to see right there and that chart you'll see there's different emotions on that chart, the higher vibrational emotions or towards the top. Now when you get towards the top, you move from that of shame, fear, guilt, up to neutrality. Then eventually you get to willingness. Then you get up to love bliss, and then enlightenment is at the very top. The idea behind the vortex is that what we learned how to do is to tap into our higher vibrational states of consciousness, of love, of bliss, of joy, of peace, and we can do that by getting into what is called the vortex. <br /><br />Now imagine that this is the. What I'm putting out is the vibration. Imagine that. This right here is my vortex. Now my vortex is that have a higher vibrational state of being. You can think of this as an energetic. You can literally think of it as a vortex that is constantly having the energy go within it and it's also increased in the vibration of what has ever within it. Now think of it like this. We all have a state of consciousness that when we get to our things just happen effortlessly for us. Maybe you've had it before. Have you ever had it where you've had a date where things just happen for you when you were in such a good state that Enid is something a little bit negative happened....<br /><br />Song<br />Adventures by A Himitsu <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://soundcloud.com/a-himitsu">https://soundcloud.com/a-himitsu</a><br />Creative Commons — Attribution 3.0 Unported— CC BY 3.0 <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/b...">http://creativecommons.org/licenses/b...</a><br />Music released by Argofox <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/8BXNwnxaVQE">https://youtu.be/8BXNwnxaVQE</a><br />Music provided by Audio Library <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/MkNeIUgNPQ8">https://youtu.be/MkNeIUgNPQ8</a><br /><br />SONG:<br />“A Pure Embrace” by Christopher Lloyd Clarke.<br /> <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.christopherlloydclarke.com.">https://www.christopherlloydclarke.com.</a> <br />Licensed by Enlightened Audio.<br /><br /><br /> This video is about Abraham Hicks Guided Meditation for Getting into the Vortex (Most Powerful Meditation){% endraw %}
