---
title: "British Gas Warrant of Entry FAIL to Change Gas and Electricity Meters Part 1"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/BeZfMVwJuwQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "BeZfMVwJuwQ"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["British Gas","British Gas Warrant","Warrant of Entry"]
date: "2022-06-11T08:47:53+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-02-10T13:28:16Z"
duration: "PT8M20S"
viewcount: "104414"
likeCount: "523"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "FLUORESCENT"
---
{% raw %}WARNING. &quot;There is no YouTube/Google violations or Community Guidelines infringements with regards to this post, this post does not violate any policies around organized hate or other.  Opinions and Freedom of Speech and expression is used at all times&quot;...  PLEASE RATE AND SHARE...  BG turned up at the home with a &quot;FAKE Warrant of Entry, Section 2 (1954) act&quot;.  The victim was told by the Judge that &quot;under the rights of entry (Gas and Electric Boards) Act 1954 - Section 2, IS NOT RELATED TO HEALTH AND SAFETY&quot;, and allowed the warrant under section 2a of that act! The Judge tells the victim that it is not due to health and safety.<br /><br />Many of times, we are asked the following question, which is: &quot;why do you not want a pay-as-you go meter”?  The answer to your question is as follows:  <br /><br />1. These meters are a safety risk, a security and fire risk to persons, property!  They are the cause of fires.  (Example of security risk): “A potential criminal can gain knowledge by reading the meter as to the best times that he/she can target a property or you”.  Furthermore; such meters violate human rights laws, such as those laid out by the European Convention on Human Rights under Articles such as: (the right to liberty and security), other article also apply.  (Here is two examples of serious risks):  &quot;PLEASE SEE THE FOLLOWING VIDEO&quot;...  /watch?v=cG1KPfH3uQo  and please watch  /watch?v=TdaYH5FIZHk<br /><br />2. Because it is widely known that these meters are ripping customers off and they were trying to bully him into having them. BG used many intimidating tactics and eventually took corrupt action through a court, doing so, lying on oath that there are health and safety risks at that property just so that a warrant of entry which they succeeded to get even though the occupier could prove, via a safety certificate, which is produced every year, that there is no safety risks concerning the Gas and Electricity.  There was no risks at all but they use the health and safety act just so that they can gain entry into your home.  Furthermore, the matter of a civil dispute should have been heard at a County Court not a Magistrate Court!<br /><br />3. Because these meters are causing health problems like cancers and other illnesses!  (You can look up and investigate the health problems they cause via various websites). <br /><br />4. The occupier refused to be dictated to by any company on whom and how he pays his bills and refuses to be bullied into having such meters. <br /><br />5. Because the occupier does not owe the previous tenants bill', and due to that debt by the old tenant, BG will not let him go to a cheaper supplier although he has provided BG with his tenancy agreement, a number of times. The occupier has a copy of over 40-emails, which shows that he has tried and tried to sort this matter out with BG. He does not wish to be a BG customer and does not wish to pay their extortionate prices. <br /><br />6. Smart meters are proving to be an intelligence-gathering tool, is an invasion of privacy and a security risk!  Despite misleading letters or phone calls from your supplier, it is not compulsory to have smart meters fitted. You are not breaking any laws in not having them.  Another example is that your supplier can harass you, contact you with offers or other, as they know when you’re at home or when you’re not.  So if you have a late payment or other they know the best time to contact you!  The EU Watchdog give a clear warning saying that: &quot;considerable risks to privacy posed by new energy smart meters.  Safeguards were needed over how firms used the &quot;massive collection&quot; of consumers' data uploaded by meters...  So it is 100% clear. Furthermore.  More specifically, the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC), a non-profit group, has listed on its website the following potential privacy consequences of smart grid and smart meter systems which includes the following: IDENTITY THEFT, DETEMINE PERSONAL BEHAVIOR PATTERNS, DETMINE SPECIFIC APPLIANCE USED, PREFORM REAL-TIME SURVEILLANCE, REVEAL ACTIVITIES THROUGH RESIDUAL DATA, TAGETED HOME INVASIONS (LATCH KEY CHILDREN, ELDERLY, etc.), PROVIDE ACCIDENTAL INVATIONS, ACTIVITY CENSORSHIP, DECISIONS AND AVTIONS BASED UPON INACCURATE DATA, PROFILING, UNWANTED PUBLICITY AND EMBARRASSMENT, TRACKING BEHAVIOUR OR RENTERS/LEASERS, BEHAVIOUR TRACKING (POSSIBLE COMBINATION WITH PERSONAL BEHAVIOUR PATTERNS), PUBLIC AGGREGATED SEARCHES REVEALING INDIVIDUAL BEHAVIOUR...<br /><br />7. The occupier believes that BG has committed fraud against him. <br /><br />8. The Judge in a Magistrate Court had no jurisdiction over a civil/monitory matter. This was a civil dispute and not a matter for a Magistrate District Judge but for a Civil/County Court. He did not ever contract with BG and never accepted a &quot;deemed contact&quot;. <br /><br />9. He is in dispute with what BG, in dispute, and there is no proof of what BG says he owed.  (These are just a few reasons!).{% endraw %}
