---
title: "How to Manifest a Specific Amount of Money | Kathleen Cameron"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/5aD62nWuiYI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "5aD62nWuiYI"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["kathleen cameron","law of attraction","millionaire"]
date: "2022-04-09T14:35:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-07T18:15:41Z"
duration: "PT6M57S"
viewcount: "687"
likeCount: "111"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Kathleen Cameron"
---
{% raw %}So when I first started study the power of the mind in September of 2019, I started to play around with the idea of abundance and prosperity and the idea of having more money. And what I realized that I was always thinking and talking about the lack of money that I had. I always felt like I didn't have enough. I was always wanting more, seeking opportunities and ways to make more money,  but I wasn't actually changing my thoughts around money. I was in a lack mentality and I would even joke about the lack of money that I would have or I would be saying things like, &quot;I can't afford it&quot; and &quot;I can't go here and I can't go there.&quot; And what I realized was that I could shift my thinking to think of abundance and prosperity without even having any money.<br /><br />I could see all the abundance around me, I could see the $5 in my bank account was money instead of lack of money, and I started to play around with these ideas. And then somebody told me that there's a couple of tricks that they've used to bring some money into their life, but you have to be specific. You have to ask for a certain amount of money. So I sat down one day and I thought, what would I love? I would love $20,000 in my bank account. And my bank account was at about $1,000 and some change. And so I had a thought, it'll never be 20,000 even in my bank account. It would probably be more, because if I manifested $20,000, I would end up with 21,000 and change.<br /><br />So I wrote on a piece of paper &quot;$21,795.00&quot; and I decided that's how much money I was going to manifest into my bank account. And so I wrote it down a couple of times, I actually took a bank statement, and I whited out the current balance on the bank statement and I put &quot;21,795&quot;. I also started visualizing myself logging into my banking and seeing that much money in the bank and how I would feel. And I stayed focused on that. So every morning I wrote down, &quot;I'm so happy I have $21,795 in my bank account,&quot; and I would just let it go. Every morning, I wrote it down and I would let it go. And I started to think about abundance and prosperity and I started to think about, if I had 21,000 in my bank account, what would I do?<br /><br />So I started to worry less about the cost of my morning coffee and I went and got the Starbucks instead of the Tim Horton's. I started thinking less about the price of dinner at the restaurant and I started just ordering what I wanted. I started to thank money for every time I would pay a bill, little things like that, and I found myself thinking more about having money than the lack of money. And so my mind started shifting. And then one day my husband came to me and he said, &quot;You know what? I just got contacted that some of the stocks that we had,&quot; in the company that he was working for at the time, &quot;have matured and we could exercise the options.&quot; I didn't really know what that meant and I had no idea how much that money would be, but I thought maybe a couple 100 bucks. And I said, &quot;Sure, why not?&quot; And I thought, look, my manifestations are coming already.<br /><br />Two weeks later and I was in Orlando, Florida, he called me and he said, &quot;Check your bank account because it looks like the money from the stock options would've come through.&quot; I checked my bank account and, I kid you not, there was $21,795. And so the stock options ended up being almost 20,000 in U.S. dollars. And in that moment, I have never felt excitement like that. Not because of the money, because this was proof that you can bring anything you want into your life, even to the dollar amount. <br /><br />The biggest shift was that I changed the frequency of vibration I was operating on. I stopped living in lack and limitation and I started operating on the frequency of abundance and prosperity. So I stopped thinking about having no money and I saw how much I had. Even though it maybe wasn't a lot I made it feel like it was a lot, and so that's what attracted the large sum of money into my life. So if there's something that you want, if there's a certain amount of money that you're trying to manifest, maybe it's for a course, maybe it's for a vacation, maybe it's for a mentor, whatever it is, maybe it's to go purchase something, you can do that by staying focused on what it is that you desire and asking for the abundance and prosperity through your thoughts, through your feelings, and through your actions and you can bring that into your physical world.<br /><br />And sometimes I find money comes to me the fastest when there's a need for it. So when I want to invest in myself, if I want to make a big purchase, if I want to invest in the business, because there's a need, money comes to me faster. So consider that when you're manifesting money next time.<br /><br />With Gratitude,<br />💎  Kathleen<br /><br />🔴  Don't forget to SUBSCRIBE and TURN ON ALL NOTIFICATIONS so you can be first to know when I release new content throughout the week! ⬇️<br />🔔  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/KCYouTubeSubscribe">https://bit.ly/KCYouTubeSubscribe</a> 👈<br /><br />#KathleenCameron #DiamondAcademy{% endraw %}
