---
title: "Officers Confiscate Street Vendor's Food and Fuel"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/5y0yXjAP1Eg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "5y0yXjAP1Eg"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["illegal vendors","illegal vending","unpermitted Vendors"]
date: "2022-01-17T05:28:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-15T00:53:41Z"
duration: "PT25M40S"
viewcount: "14270"
likeCount: "420"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Santa Monica Close Up"
---
{% raw %}The Santa Monica Unpermitted Vendors Task Force deployed on and around the Santa Monica Pier on Friday, January 14, 2022. Today, Santa Monica Code Enforcement Officers confiscated food, combustible fuel and issued several citations to unpermitted street vendors. The confiscated food was destroyed as seen at the end of the video.<br /><br />The new multi-department task force consists of Santa Monica Police Officers, Santa Monica Code Enforcement Officers, Santa Monica Fire Code Enforcement Officers, Los Angeles County Health Department Deputies, Santa Monica Harbor Patrol Officers, Public Works employees and ⁰Allied Private Security Guards. <br /><br />The Santa Monica Pier has a worldwide identity.  The City wants to preserve our decades old wooden Pier so it can be enjoyed for years to come. Because each unpermitted butane/propane cook-cart is a potential fire hazard for the Pier, the City’s Code Enforcement, the County Health Department, and the City’s Police Department periodically conduct educational and enforcement campaigns to help keep the Pier safe.  This safety focus calls to eliminate all unpermitted carts, while addressing improper hot grease and trash disposal, and unsanitary food service conditions on and immediately adjacent to the Pier. <br /><br />Street vending is restricted on the Santa Monica Pier. Prior to enforcement, the City of Santa Monica has been educating and warning the unpermitted street vendors for several months. <br /><br />All vendors need a City of Santa Monica business license and vending permit to sell any items in the City, and vendors selling food must also obtain and display a Los Angeles County Department of Public Health permit. <br /><br />As part of the City’s program, sidewalk vending is restricted in certain congested, high-traffic areas to protect public safety. This includes on and around the Pier, where all vending is prohibited except the City’s existing licensed vendor cart program, and the beach, Third Street Promenade, and Palisades Park, where stationary vending is not permitted.<br /><br />In addition, a new ordinance passed on August 24, 2021, prohibits any person from using any combustible fuel (including propane, butane, any other liquid gas, kerosene, steno, charcoal or wood) on the Pier (including the Pier Bridge) or within 25 feet of the Pier, for any purpose involving the fuel’s combustion including heating, lighting, or cooking without a permit from the Fire Marshal. <br /><br />Violations of the new ordinance may be handled as infractions, misdemeanors, or through issuance of administrative citations; in addition, combustible fuels used in violation of the new ordinance will be subject to impound by the Fire Marshal.{% endraw %}
