---
title: "12 New Electric Crossovers You Will be Able to Buy by 2021"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/do2gyn2qgdY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "do2gyn2qgdY"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["cars","electric SUV","upcoming models"]
date: "2022-01-24T22:31:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-12-07T12:00:20Z"
duration: "PT12M44S"
viewcount: "170826"
likeCount: "1334"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Automotive Territory: Trending News & Car Reviews"
---
{% raw %}The 2020 could be easily labeled as the year of electric crossovers. It all started with the Model Y and afterwards the majority of big players in the automotive world have started announcing electrified CUV to go into production in the beginning of the third decade of the 21st century. <br /><br />The competition is starting to heat up, designs and performance are improving and ranges are extending, what else an EV fan might desire? Today we will be exploring the most anticipated electric crossovers of tomorrow, lets compare their specifications and pricing and of course debate about the subjective look!<br /><br />Other #AutomotiveTerritory videos that are worth your time: <br /><br />New and upcoming trucks with electric motors: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_untxR-1u8">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_untxR-1u8</a><br /><br />Digest covering the latest EV news and releases: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRKL0l4pC_Y">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRKL0l4pC_Y</a><br /><br />All of the models shown in this #ATelectriccars release: <br /><br />Ford Mustang Mach-E: ford.com/suvs/mach-e/2021<br /><br />Priced from $43,895 dollars the upcoming Stang Mach E will be available in 4 trims: Select, Premium, California Route 1 and GT, plus the lucky few have already bought out the First Edition limited run.<br /><br />BMW iX3: bmwusa.com/concept-vehicles/ix3.html<br /><br />Still only seen in its concept form and spotted in camo, the 2020 BMW iX3 will hit production lines sometime in 2020. It will be built in China and will make its market debut in Europe, before finally being brought to the US shores. <br /><br />Tesla Model Y: tesla.com/modely<br /><br />Model 3 is the best electric car on today’s market, this is a shared consensus of both die-hard fans and critics of Tesla, however, despite its strong sides, it is still a sedan. This is the major reason why Tesla’s SEXY lineup is being completed by the Tesla Model Y CUV which visually is nearly identical to the saloon.<br /><br />Mazda MX-30: insidemazda.mazdausa.com/press-release/2019-tokyo-motor-show<br /><br />2020 Mazda MX-30 is the brand’s electric crossover that will debut in Japan and in Europe in 2020. It offers around 125 miles of range and comes powered by the company-developed e-Drive system.<br /><br />Volvo XC40 Recharge: volvocars.com/us/cars/xc40-pure-electric <br /><br />2020 Volvo XC40 Recharge is the first purely electric vehicle by the Swedish brand, that is based on the best-selling XC40 crossover. It comes powered by a floor-integrated 78-kWh battery, paired with a duo of electric motors.<br /><br />Volkswagen I.D.4X: volkswagen-newsroom.com/en/id-roomzz-world-premiere-4822<br /><br />Rumors have it, that the new electric crossover will be labeled as Volkswagen ID.4X and will share the modular MEB platform with the hatch, but since its sizing is comparable to the Tiguan it will add a whole lot in terms of interior and cargo space.<br /><br />Nissan Ariya: europe.nissannews.com/en-GB/releases/nissans-imk-and-ariya-concepts-an-all-new-design-direction-for-the-ev-era?&amp;modal=video-6be70fa87c35620f753555ba3a0002ac <br /><br />2020 Nissan Ariya is a new concept from Nissan that was unveiled in October 2019, that already looks rather market-ready, riding on production-sized 21-inch wheels and getting advanced ProPILOT 2.0 driver assistance.<br /><br />Audi e-tron Sportback: audi-mediacenter.com/en/audi-e-tron-sportback-12270<br /><br />2021 Audi e-tron Sportback is a new coupe-SUV version of the existing e-tron SUV, that reminds us of an EV Q8. It gets two modifications, Q50 and Q55 Quattro, offering from 192 to 248 miles of driving on charge. <br /><br />Polestar 2: polestar.com/cars/polestar-2<br /><br />Already available for preorder, Polestar 2 is the second model of the brand, that features a purely electric drivetrain and starting price of $63,000. In addition, the fastback is planned for release in a cheaper, lesser-specced version after its first year of production.<br /><br />Skoda Vision iV: skoda-storyboard.com/en/models/concepts/meet-the-skoda-vision-iv<br /><br />Today the proud Czech car maker Skoda it is a part of the VW group, so the future of its electric models is inevitably connected with the MEB platform. The iV Crossover is the first to acquire these underpinnings.<br /><br />Hyundai 45: hyundai.news/eu/brand/hyundai-motor-unveils-45-ev-concept-at-iaa-2019 <br /><br />2020 Hyundai 45 previews the upcoming 2021 electric crossover-hatchback hybrid from the brand, while its name was chosen to honor the 45th anniversary of Hyundai’s first production model - Pony Liftback.<br /><br />Lexus UX 300e: global.toyota/en/newsroom/lexus/30609957.html?padid=ag478_from_kv<br /><br />The upmarket Lexus UX 300e seems like a simple retro fit of a gasoline UX, getting a rather unimpressive 204 hp single motor and just 178 miles range.{% endraw %}
