---
title: "The Russian army, which could not find what it expected in a month, announced its new target"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/LInScXGYFy8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "LInScXGYFy8"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["The Russian army","which could not find what it expected in a month","announced its new target"]
date: "2022-03-29T23:04:04+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-26T12:35:35Z"
duration: "PT2M34S"
viewcount: "91747"
likeCount: "1048"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Infinity News"
---
{% raw %}Putin Inflicts Pain on Civilians in Ukraine !<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/qKoGuq4_MXc">https://youtu.be/qKoGuq4_MXc</a> The Russian army, which could not find what it expected in a month, announced its new target<br /><br />In the war between Russia and Ukraine, which has been going on for more than a month, the Russian army has changed its target by admitting for the first time that it has not made the &quot;anticipated progress&quot;. &quot;Our forces are focused on the main target,&quot; signaled senior Russian officials.<br /><br />While the war between Russia and Ukraine continues, Russia, which could not make the expected progress with the resistance of the Ukrainian forces and the sanctions of the western countries, announced its new target.<br /><br />Speaking about the invasion launched by Russian President Vladimir Putin on February 24, Deputy Chief of General Staff Sergei Rudskoi made statements. “Our forces will be focused on the main goal, which is the complete independence of Donbas,” Rudskoi said.<br /><br />Rudskoi said in a statement that the targeting of Ukraine's capital, Kyiv, and other cities was part of a strategy to distract the Ukrainian army.<br /><br />Rudskoi, deputy chief of staff, said: “The goal of the first phase of our operation has been achieved. The strength of the Ukrainian army has been significantly reduced, which has allowed us to focus on our main goal: to liberate Donbas,” he said.<br /><br />“RUSSIA CHANGED THE TARGET”<br /><br />Regarding this statement from Russia, which did not achieve a significant territorial gain in the first month of the war, the US-based media outlet Bloomberg commented, “After a month of war, a limited-scale territorial gain led Moscow to potentially change targets.” made. While it was pointed out that the Ukrainian army stopped Russia's advance, it was emphasized that Russia's aim of &quot;disarming&quot; Ukraine and &quot;cleaning it from the Nazis&quot; did not materialize.<br /><br />Rudskoi, the senior name of the Russian army, which besieged Ukraine from many arms and attacked many regions, said that the operation was successful, and that Moscow has not yet decided to seize some places. Rudskoi said, &quot;The operation will continue until all targets are met,&quot; but did not offer a timeline for this.<br /><br />Rudskoi said that 1,351 Russian soldiers were killed and 3835 soldiers were wounded in the war, while Russian forces were under the control of 93 percent of the pro-Moscow separatist Luhansk People's Republic and 54 percent of the Donetsk People's Republic.<br /><br />Russia, Ukraine, Russia War, Ukraine Invasion, Zelensky, Peace, Invasion, War, Russia-Ukraine war, Russian soldier runs over commander with tank, Russian soldier, Russian, soldier, runs over commander with tank, tank{% endraw %}
