---
title: "Mindset of a Superior Being - Apostle Joshua Selman"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/K7yq8Zy0qZw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "K7yq8Zy0qZw"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Apostle Joshua selman","apostle joshua selman 2020","apostle joshua selman sermons"]
date: "2022-01-27T00:40:32+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-03-01T06:00:03Z"
duration: "PT11M57S"
viewcount: "1044"
likeCount: "40"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Apostolic Message TV"
---
{% raw %}In this koinonia message, our beloved Apostle Joshua Selman, reveals so many truths in the word of God. Watch this video to edify your soul today.<br /><br />Check out our Custom Teeshirt store: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://teespring.com/stores/apostolic-message-stores">https://teespring.com/stores/apostolic-message-stores</a><br /><br />Like and Share the video with loved ones, Thanks<br /><br />Please 🙏, remember to #Subscribe to #Apostolic Message TV and turn on the notification by clicking the bell icon 🔔... <br /><br /><br />This is an Extract from : Apostle's Joshua Selman's message: &quot;Laws of Advancement 1&quot;. <br /><br />or download this full sermon and other Apostle Joshua Selman's messages, kindly visit Koinonia's official website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://koinoniaglobal.org/">https://koinoniaglobal.org/</a><br /><br />CHANNEL ENQUIRY:<br />For any question regarding this content or any suggestion, kindly send us an email at;  ozuvikdigitalservices@gmail.com<br /><br />NB:<br />The minister of the Gospel who preached this sermon is Apostle Joshua Selman.<br />Apostle Joshua Selman is the founder of ENI (Eternity Network International). It's an apostolic ministry committed to replicating the fullness of God’s life on earth. <br />ENI organizes the KOINONIA weekly meetings where passionate believers come to experience an atmosphere of TRUE WORSHIP, THE WORD, MIRACLES, and LOVE. A place where believers experience true intimacy with the Holy Spirit and are empowered to be ambassadors of God’s life and power.<br /><br />For more info on Apostle Joshua Selman and koinonia:<br />Official Koinonia Contacts:<br />+2348147214444 and +2349077777853 (Public Relations Department)<br />+2347087777765 (Protocol Department)<br />+2349065996660 (Finance Department)<br /><br />Remember to like and share this video...<br /><br />Developed by Apostolic Messages TV<br /><br />Copyright Disclaimer under section 107 of the Copyright Act of 1976, allowance is made for “fair use” for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, education, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.”<br /><br />►Fair Use Disclaimer:<br />The purpose of making this video is to make an Educational and inspirational video that will add significant value to listeners.<br />Thus:<br />1) This video is transformative in nature.<br />2)This video is used for teaching purposes.<br />3)This video has no negative impact on the original works (It would actually be positive for them).<br />4) Only bits and pieces were used to adequately pass this teaching across.<br /><br />If you have any concerns regarding the material used in this upload, please contact us via email at ozuvikdigitalservices@gmail.com and we can come to a resolution, thanks.{% endraw %}
