---
title: "पंचायत का दबदबा | Crime Patrol | क्राइम पेट्रोल | दस्तक"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/M2T1EsfNPnE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "M2T1EsfNPnE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["crime in india","crime patrol","crime patrol satark"]
date: "2022-03-06T10:28:49+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-05T16:00:08Z"
duration: "PT46M10S"
viewcount: "77341"
likeCount: "1101"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "LIV Crime"
---
{% raw %}Click here to Subscribe to LIV Crime: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzXpAx4v6rFLYXkJZ5nmSvQ?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzXpAx4v6rFLYXkJZ5nmSvQ?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />Click here to watch all the episodes of Crime Patrol Dastak: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0y08jtgaKIXQP1i0ziNFbdM5MSMigy1g">https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0y08jtgaKIXQP1i0ziNFbdM5MSMigy1g</a><br /><br />Crime series that will give you literal spine chills and cases turning out to be unbelievably true. From attacking innocents to bludgeoning them. Every case will ignite a fire, will put one in agony, and hunger for justice will prevail. <br /><br />What happens when the people in power, who we elect start abusing their power? Is the common man left to defend themselves? And if so, how to do it when the people in power have the resources and money. Suman, a common lady trying to make the ends meet faces the same problem when the people in her village start to see her in a different light when they realize the truth about her.<br /><br />Show Name: Crime Patrol<br />Host: Mangesh Desai<br />Producers: Prem Krishen Malhotra, Sunil Mehta, Vipul D. Shah, Anirban Bhattacharyya<br /><br />#crimepatrol #क्राइमपेट्रोल #livcrime<br /><br />About Crime Patrol :<br />-----------------------------------<br />Crimes that tell us, we need to be careful, we need to be watchful. Crimes that tell us lives could have been saved. Every crime we hear of, either warns us to be careful or scares us, it could happen to us. Every crime ignites a feeling, 'It should not have happened. Would knowing the 'Why' behind a crime, help in stopping a crime from happening?' I don’t like the way he looks at me', 'I don’t like the way he/she is behaving', 'I think he/she is out of his/her mind', 'I think he/she has gone crazy'. That gaze, that quirky smile, that persistent stare which unnerves. It is difficult to understand the intentions but the hints are there. In a house a husband and wife argue, fight. A vessel comes flying, a glass breaks. The husband is angry and the wife is upset. That hatred, that ego. The distance keeps growing. It is difficult to comprehend the damage, but the cracks are there. Feelings… expressions. Misunderstood, unresolved callings of the heart. The cracks are there. Too wide to be missed. Yet when the heart takes over the mind, the outcome is a mindless tragedy. Crime Patrol - Satark Rahe will attempt to look at the signs, the signals that are always there before these mindless crimes are committed. Instincts/Feelings/Signals that so often tell us that not everything is normal. Maybe, that signal/feeling/instinct is just not enough to believe it could result in a crime. Unfortunately, after the crime is committed, those same signals come haunting.<br /><br />पंचायत का दबदबा | Crime Patrol | क्राइम पेट्रोल | दस्तक{% endraw %}
