---
title: "Part 3 Plaja Nuda Beach 4K video Sun Summer Party Fun  Constanta Mamaia Beach"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/PoQEn7pADR4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "PoQEn7pADR4"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["Romania","Constanta","Mamaia"]
date: "2022-05-02T14:28:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-01T11:00:09Z"
duration: "PT2M30S"
viewcount: "24001"
likeCount: "68"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Asgard Travel"
---
{% raw %}Part 3 Plaja Nuda Beach 4K video Sun Summer Party Fun  Constanta Mamaia Beach.  The Romanian seaside is one of the most spectacular regions, offering amazing landscapes. With a total length of 245 kilometers, the Romanian coast stretches from the north, from the borders with Ukraine, to the south, to the borders with Bulgaria, delimiting the east of Dobrogea from the waters of the Black Sea. For more than half of its extent (163 km), from the northern extremity to close to Navodari, the Romanian coast is dominated by the Danube Delta and coastal lakes. Starting from the Cape Midia area (Navodari) and up to Vama Veche (border with Bulgaria), the fine sandy beaches dominate the Romanian coast. This part of the coast stretches for a distance of 82 kilometers and is the area most frequented by tourists.<br /><br />The temperate climate, the water with low salinity and the orientation of the beach towards it create excellent conditions for spending a summer vacation in the best conditions on the Romanian coast. The beaches on the Romanian coast are covered with fine sand and have a generous width that reaches in some places 150-200 meters. However, there is a noticeable difference between the beaches in the north of the coast (Navodari, Mamaia, Constanta) and the beaches in the south. The northern ones are wider and keep a uniform shoreline, while the sandy stretches of the southern coast have many narrower sectors, are furrowed by bays or bordered by high cliffs. On the Romanian coast, the sun shines for about 2,500 hours a year, an average identical to that of the beaches in Croatia and very similar to that of the Mediterranean coasts.<br />The Romanian seaside offers multiple accommodation options. Tourists have at their disposal over 250,000 accommodation places in hotels, villas and agritourism pensions in the 12 resorts on the coast: Navodari, Mamaia, Eforie Nord, Eforie Sud, Techirghiol, Costinesti, Olimp, Neptune, Jupiter, Cap Aurora, Venus, Saturn, Mangalia, to which is added May 2 and Vama Veche, but unofficially. On the seaside there are plenty of fun and recreational opportunities that cover the preferences and demands of all tourists who spend their holidays here. In recent years, restaurants and terraces have been developed along the coast or in the immediate vicinity, offering tourists the opportunity to relax in a cheerful holiday atmosphere and enjoy Romanian and international dishes. or fishermen. Also, the Romanian coast offers possibilities to practice all water sports, each resort having modern agreement bases. The seaside resort options are complete with tennis, football and golf courses, amusement parks and an entertainment center that are common in resorts. The entertainment possibilities are completed by recent tourist constructions in Mamaia resort, among which we mention the most important ones: Aqua Magic and Telegondola. Not only the long and sunny beaches, accommodation opportunity and the possibility of agreeing with the attractive Romanian coast! In the area there are a lot of sights and tourist attractions that are worth visiting. Museums, historical monuments of great significance, ancient ruins, churches, monasteries, nature reserves unique in the country and in Europe and many other attractions complete the picturesque Romanian coast and Doborgean land.<br />1{% endraw %}
