---
title: "Top 5 Best Kids Tablets in 2022 👌"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/0HUQy-9hv-s\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "0HUQy-9hv-s"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["tablet for kids 2022","best tablets for kids 2022","best tablet for kids review"]
date: "2022-03-26T05:48:21+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-04T11:50:56Z"
duration: "PT6M35S"
viewcount: "2650"
likeCount: "277"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Consumer Buddy"
---
{% raw %}Links to the Top 5 Best Kids Tablets Below. Find The Best Tablet For Kids. Let Consumer Buddy save you time and money by using our research to make smart buying decisions.<br />★ BEST TABLET FOR SMALL CHILDREN ★   0:00<br />🔶 Amazon Fire HD 8 Kids Edition 🔶     0:35 Time Stamp<br />     ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/3oEPJca">https://amzn.to/3oEPJca</a> <br /><br />★ BEST TABLET FOR CHILDREN ★<br />🔶 Amazon Fire HD 10 Kids Edition 🔶    1:57 Time Stamp<br />     ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/3oEPBtc">https://amzn.to/3oEPBtc</a><br /><br />★ BEST NEW &amp; AFFORDABLE IPAD ★<br />🔶 Apple iPad Air 🔶    3:17 Time Stamp<br />     ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/39XStgP">https://amzn.to/39XStgP</a><br /><br />★ BEST PERFORMANCE TABLET ★<br />🔶 Apple iPad Pro 🔶    4:21 Time Stamp<br />     ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/3oIdNLd">https://amzn.to/3oIdNLd</a><br /><br />★ BEST BALANCE OF PERFORMANCE &amp; PRICING ★<br />🔶 Apple iPad 🔶    5:25 Time Stamp<br />     ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/341JZ4m">https://amzn.to/341JZ4m</a><br />▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬<br /><br />👉 At Consumer Buddy, we've researched the Best Kids Tablets on Amazon saving you time and money so you can make an informed buying decision.<br /><br />Children of all ages are becoming more and more tech savvy. And it's important to keep up with the latest trends to make sure that they have the best devices for their age group. So today, I'll be looking at the top five best kids tablets that you can buy. And I'll actually be breaking down each of them, including some features and benefits, so you can see which of them might be the best choice for you based on you and your child's particular situation. As always, I'll include links to each of these down in the description below. So you can check out any updated pricing and availability for any you might be interested in. Also, if there's any special deals or discounts on any of these, I'll include them in that description as well. So number one would be the Amazon Fire HD eight kids edition. And this is just the best overall kids tablet you can buy as a great combination of features and benefits that make it a great option for your young children. Some of those great options include this rubber bumper that protects the tablet from being dropped, and it also protects it from scratches as well. And if you do happen to damage it in any way, there's actually a two year no questions asked warranty. And with that great rubber case, it actually has a rough texture and slight give, which can help those tiny hands grip it a little better. And at any point, you can also take off that case if you need to clean it, and you can put it back on with no trouble at all. Aside from being really sturdy and safe. It also has great technical features as well, it has a really long battery life. So if you're taking a long family vacation, or if you just want to make sure that your child is entertained for hours on end, that battery life is gonna last you a while hitting at about 10 hours and 12 minutes. And also for a smaller tablet. The speakers are actually decent, although they are a little bit soft. But this might be a positive to you as it doesn't have that heavy bass in case your child is playing a lot of music or something like that. Also, as far as the screen is concerned, it has an eight inch 1280 by 800 screen, and it's got relatively solid performance for the price point. So again, the Amazon Fire HD eight kids edition is a great option if you're just basically looking for the best overall tablet based on its features and your budget needs. Now if you have some older kids in the house, the next option is going to be the Amazon Fire HD 10 Kids edition. Now this is a little bit of an upgrade from the HD eight, which is why it might be suited to some of those older, more mature kids in your household... runs out of the 5k characters limit, sorry guys.<br /><br />-DISCLOSURE-<br /><br />As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. I am affiliated, but not sponsored by any product featured in this video. The links in the description are my affiliate links which means if you click on one of them and buy the product I’ll receive a small commission. Not being sponsored allows me to keep my own opinions and provide product reviews without bias. This is how I feed my family by making useful reviews so that you can make informed buying decisions. I appreciate your support. <br /><br />Hope you enjoyed my video 'Transcript for Top 5 Best Kids Tablets Review of 2022. Find The Best Tablet For Kids.<br /><br />#BestTabletForKids<br />#TabletForKid<br />#TopTabletForKids{% endraw %}
